lack of improvement with fluid resuscitation, therapy-resistant hyperkalemia, metabolic acidosis, or fluid overload may necessitate artificial support in the form of dialysis or hemofiltration.
figure 2 differential effects of korean diet and american diets on profiles of intestinal bacterial communities. (a) relative proportions of gut microbial phyla before and after three diet intervention. (b) the ratio of firmicutes to bacteroidetes between before and after each diet intervention. (c) venn diagram showing numbers of genera differentially changed in response to tkd, rad, and tkd intervention (p < 0.05; wilcoxon signed-rank test). (d) list of significant genera in comparison of before and after dietary intervention. box plots of relative abundance show the fold change of after vs. before intervention in log2 scale. green, purple, and orange color indicates tkd, rad, and tad, respectively.
he strengthened the stone plate by adding pieces to its rim and on one of these he added a fake tail made from polyester resin as that of the fossil was largely lacking because he had failed to recover it completely.
the connections of the amygdalofugal pathway to the nucleus accumbens plays a role in the perception of a stimulus as either gratifying or aversive.
in adherent cells, cell death was significantly higher in untreated p2 and p3 cells than in control cells (p<0.05 and p<0.01, respectively) (fig. 6a). cell death was significantly reduced in both p2 and p3 treated for 24 h with coq10 (p<0.01) or idebenone (p<0.05). vitamin c also reduced cell death in p3 cells (p<0.05) (fig. 6a). control, p1, and p4 cells showed similar proportions of dead cells with and without treatment (fig. 6a).
the number of chembl ligands in our datasets is smaller than those used by van westen et al. because our datasets were built with compounds from experiments that expressly defined assay activity as either allosteric or competitive. therefore, evidence was identified using restrictive search terms on the assay descriptions as opposed to parsing the language of the chembl documents. the allosteric set from chembl is smaller (our 2,470 vs. 17,829 in van westen et al.) due to the fact only “alloster*” was used in the keyword search of the assay description and a manual curation was performed to remove high throughput screening (hts) data. however, van westen et al. used several additional terms, which may imply allostery, when searching the whole document from chembl. discarding the hts data also limits the size of the dataset used in this study. using the assay description and the more restrictive search term helps to ensure that each ligand obtained from chembl is indeed an allosteric modulator. our “competitive” dataset obtained from chembl is also smaller than their “non-allosteric” set, since the focus is on competitive inhibitors annotated in the assay descriptions and ambiguous mechanisms are not included in our set. the growth of allosteric ligands in asd brings the dataset to a size comparable to van westen’s study.
no flare(s), no problem: treating recalcitrant pancreatic duct strictures with short fully covered metal stents.
risk factor modification using behavioral/lifestyle changes such as dietary modification, increase in activity level, and smoking cessation are associated with better outcomes after acute coronary syndromes (acs). patient education should be given at the time of discharge and referral to a cardiac rehabilitation program should be made. (see "overview of the prevention of cardiovascular disease events in those with established disease (secondary prevention) or at high risk", section on 'lifestyle modifications' and 'cardiac rehabilitation' below.)hypertension — hypertension should be treated in patients who have had a non-st elevation acs. the optimal goal blood pressure and choice of antihypertensive drugs in such patients are discussed in detail separately. (see "choice of drug therapy in primary (essential) hypertension" and "goal blood pressure in adults with hypertension".)glycemic control — the long-term management of diabetes in patients with cardiovascular disease is discussed elsewhere. (see "thiazolidinediones in the treatment of diabetes mellitus", section on 'cardiovascular effects' and "glycemic control and vascular complications in type 2 diabetes mellitus".)smoking cessation — smoking cessation reduces the risk of recurrent coronary events. we recommend education about smoking cessation during hospitalization and referral to a smoking cessation program or outpatient cardiac rehabilitation program where nicotine replacement therapy and bupropion are available [1]. (see "cardiovascular risk of smoking and benefits of smoking cessation" and "pharmacotherapy for smoking cessation in adults", section on 'nicotine replacement therapy'.)however, the issue of whether nicotine replacement can be started during hospitalization has not been well studied and there is some evidence of lack of harm with transdermal nicotine replacement [27]. we suggest that cautious initiation of nicotine replacement can be considered during hospitalization for those patients with acs in whom the benefits appear to outweigh the risks.diet — good dietary habits and use of a prudent diet can reduce the risk of coronary heart disease. (see "healthy diet in adults".)exercise — an increase in activity level in patients with established cardiovascular disease is associated with better outcomes. this topic is discussed in detail separately. (see "exercise and fitness in the prevention of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease", section on 'secondary prevention'.)stress management — psychosocial stress factors are associated with a poor long-term prognosis, and reducing emotional stress may improve outcomes. (see "psychosocial factors in acute myocardial infarction".)cardiac rehabilitation — multifactorial cardiac rehabilitation can produce significant long-term reductions in both total and cardiovascular mortality. (see "cardiac rehabilitation: indications, efficacy, and safety in patients with coronary heart disease".)prognosis
bromide does not bind to the mn4ca complex in its s1 state in cl(-)-depleted and br(-)-reconstituted oxygen-evolving photosystem ii: evidence from x-ray absorption spectroscopy at the br k-edge.
synthesis and pharmacological screening of new phenylpiperazinepropane derivatives and their enantiomers.
10 kim bh  lim hs  chung jy    safety, tolerability and pharmacokinetics of udenafil, a novel pde-5 inhibitor, in healthy young korean subjects br j clin pharmacol 2008 65 6 848 854 18318773
the pet out of the bedroom) bathe the pet use impermeable covers use high-efficiency particulate air (hepa) central air conditioning filters  rodents  avoidance strategies for rodent allergens are as
administration of kynurenic acid reduces hyperlipidemia-induced inflammation and insulin resistance in skeletal muscle and adipocytes.
the hypothesis that non-right-handedness is associated with sudden cardiac death was tested based on evidence that sympathetic imbalance may contribute to ventricular arrhythmogenesis and evidence that left-handers may have a shorter lifespan than right-handers. the study included 26 patients with coronary artery disease (cad), a history of ventricular tachycardia-ventricular fibrillation (vt-vf), and implanted defibrillators, and 26 patients with cad and no history of serious arrhythmias who were matched for age, sex, and new york heart association functional class. patients with any history of neurologic disorders were excluded. left-handers either wrote with the left hand or were converted from left- to right-handedness in childhood. non-right-handers used the left hand for writing, drawing, or throwing. handedness rates in patients with vt-vf and case-control subjects were compared with published norms in the general population to take expected rates into account. the rates of left-handedness (6 of 26 or 23.1%) and non-right-handedness (9 of 26 or 34.6%) in patients with vt-vf were significantly higher (p < 0.003 and p < 0.0001, 2-tailed, respectively) than those of similarly aged adults in the general population (left-handedness, 5%; non-right-handedness, 10.2%). the rates of left-handedness (2 of 26 or 7.7%) and non-right-handedness (4 of 26 or 15.4%) observed in the case-control group correspond closely to the expected values for that group (left-handedness, 1.3 of 26 or 5%; non-right-handedness, 2.65 of 26 or 10.2%) derived from the general population rates and were not significantly different from them.(abstract truncated at 250 words)
auditory mechanics in a bush-cricket: direct evidence of dual sound inputs in the pressure difference receiver.
the adenohypophysis of vertebrates receives peptide hormones from the hypothalamus and secretes hormones that regulate diverse physiologic processes in peripheral organs. the adenohypophysis-mediated endocrine system is widely conserved across vertebrates but not invertebrates. phylogenetic analysis indicates that the emergence of this system coincided with two rounds of whole-genome duplication (2r-wgd) in early vertebrates, but direct evidence linking these events has been unavailable. we detected all human paralogons (series of paralogous regions) formed in early vertebrates as traces of 2r-wgd, and examined the relationship between 2r-wgd and the evolution of genes essential to the adenohypophysis-mediated endocrine system. regarding genes encoding transcription factors (tfs) involved in the terminal differentiation into hormone-secreting cells in adenohypophyseal development, we showed that most pairs of these genes and their paralogs were part of paralogons. in addition, our analysis also indicated that most of the paralog pairs in families of adenohypophyseal hormones and their receptors were part of paralogons. these results suggest that 2r-wgd played an important role in generating genes encoding adenohypophyseal tfs, hormones, and their receptors for increasing the diversification of hormone repertoire in the adenohypophysis-mediated endocrine system of vertebrates.
the impact of serial prostate biopsies on sexual function in men on active surveillance for prostate cancer.
rhodium-catalyzed oxidative benzannulation of n-adamantyl-1-naphthylamines with internal alkynes via dual c-h bond activation: synthesis of substituted anthracenes.
effects of dorsal rhizotomy and selective lesion of serotonergic and noradrenergic systems on 5-ht1a, 5-ht1b, and 5-ht3 receptors in the rat spinal cord.
we present the autopsy findings and differential diagnosis in a 42year old male who presented with fever and rapidly progressive respiratory symptoms like breathlessness, nonproductive cough and right sided chest pain. initial imaging workup done at our hospital revealed a large unilateral tumor with tracheal shift. while being evaluated patient developed facial puffiness, tachypnea suggestive of superior vena cava obstruction. antemortem biopsy of lung mass was attempted twice and that suggested malignant lesion. unfortunately, the individual had a rapid downhill course following admission. post mortem examination was conducted that on opening the thoracic cavity revealed total replacement of right lung tissue by a necrotic growth which was deeply adherent to the rib cage. the contralateral lung as well as all other visceral organs were unremarkable grossly. histopathology confirmed primary ewing sarcoma of the lung. we hereby, report a rare case of primary lung ewing sarcoma diagnosed at autopsy.
a member of the py235 gene family of plasmodium yoelii encodes an erythrocyte binding protein recognised by a protective monoclonal antibody.
autismshank3zincsynapsenmda receptormarsden fund10.13039/50110000150513-uoa-053health research council of new zealand10.13039/50110000150517/052
herpetic encephalitis (hse) is one of the most severe infections of central nervous system (cns). if not treated, it results in patient's death in 70% cases, although in properly treated cases the mortality rate is 30%. the most endangered group are patients with immunosuppression, including pregnant women and women in the peripartum period. we present a case of a young woman in puerperium period, who developed herpetic encephalitis. despite proper treatment patient required long term hospitalization in icu, where she was placed in pharmacological coma. despite severe course of the disease no neurological sequelae were observed. the aim of this paper was to emphasize the necessity of immediate antiviral therapy with acyclovir in all cases suspected of hse. additionaly hse may progress rapidly and icu treatment should be considered.
11 fisher ma ma zq  : multiple chronic conditions: diabetes associated with comorbidity and shared risk factors using cdc weat and sas analytic tools . j prim care commun health
reaction to the emergence of bse in the uk: what was done and what perhaps might have been done better.
effects and safety of massage therapy for patients with metatarsal pain: a protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis.
the expected drug and its expected effect interact to determine placebo responses to alcohol and caffeine.
substance use disorder (sud) is a major problem worldwide, including in india, and contributes significantly to morbidity and mortality. the ministry of social justice and empowerment, government of india, addresses the prevention and rehabilitation aspect of substance use through the establishment of "rehabilitation centers" run by nongovernmental organizations. the drug de-addiction programme (ddap) was initiated in 1988 under the ministry of health and family welfare, government of india, and was mandated with provision of treatment for suds. through the ddap, de-addiction centers (dacs) have been established in government hospitals by providing a one-time financial grant by the central government, with the recurring expenses to be borne by the state governments. in addition, some premier institutions as well as dacs from northeastern region are provided annual recurring grants for their functioning. capacity building has been a major focus area of ddap in which nonspecialist medical officers working in government hospitals have been trained, and various training materials have been developed. another major area of work is the development of "drug abuse monitoring system" to track the pattern of drug use and profile among individuals seeking treatment in the dacs. monitoring and evaluation exercises carried out show that the existing model of inpatient treatment and of shared responsibility between central and state governments is partially successful. the establishment of drug treatment clinics on pilot basis with a focus on outpatient treatment and direct support from the ddap for staff as well as for medicines is showing encouraging results.
t1g3 tumours are the most aggressive superficial tumours of the bladder, with a high risk of recurrence and progression. complete endoscopic resection of the tumour is the first diagnostic and therapeutic step in t1g3 management. a second resection should be done at 1 month to avoid residual tumour and misdiagnosis of a muscle infiltrative cancer. as a result of treatment by instillations of calmette and guérin bacillus following endoscopic resection, a 5-year survival rate of 80% has been reported, with 50 to 60% of bladder preservation. bcg is the only conservative treatment that has proven effectiveness on both tumour recurrence and progression. long term protocols seem to give the best results. endovesical chemotherapy is not commonly used as its impact on progression has not been demonstrated. radical cystectomy can be chosen as first line treatment in patients with particularly aggressive tumours. long term and close surveillance should be achieved in every patient.
bleomycin is an anti-neoplastic agent and its clinical usage is limited by its toxicity, which is mostly induced by oxygen radicals. the aim of this study was to investigate the effect of ginkgo biloba on plasma indices of oxidants induced by bleomycin in rats. male sprague-dawley rats were divided into five groups: none medicated or 0.9% nacl injected or only ginkgo biloba (orally, 100 mg/kg per day for 14 days) or only a single dose of bleomycin (intratracheal, 2.5 u/kg) or gingko biloba and bleomycin-treated groups. after 14 days, blood was taken before the rats were sacrificed. the plasma was removed and stored at -85 degrees c until the study day. plasma superoxide dismutase (sod), glutathione peroxidase (gsh-px) and xanthine oxidase (xo) enzyme activities with malondialdehyde and nitric oxide (no) levels were studied. the levels of malondialdehyde and no with activity of xo were higher in plasma of bleomycin group than the other groups (p <0.05). the activities of sod and gsh-px were increased in the bleomycin plus gingko biloba group in comparison with the bleomycin group (p <0.05). there was a positive correlation between malondialdehyde and no levels in the bleomycin group (r =0.859, p <0.05). there were positive correlations between sod and gsh-px activities (r =0.760, p <0.05) and between xo activity and malondialdehyde level (r =0.822, p <0.05) in the bleomycin plus gingko biloba group. in conclusion, it was thought that bleomycin induced oxidative stress can be prevented by gingko biloba treatment via high anti-oxidant enzyme activity together with decreased radical production from xo.
47 wang l.  liu h.  jiao y.    differences between mice and humans in regulation and the molecular network of collagen, type iii, alpha-1 at the gene expression level: obstacles that translational research must overcome international journal of molecular sciences  2015 16 12 15031 15056 10.3390/ijms160715031 2-s2.0-84936861191 26151842
in a study of 80 cases of lymphogranuloma venereum (lgv), minocycline hydrochloride (minocin) was found to be an effective drug in the treatment of all stages of lgv, including complicated ones. in late cases adjuvant treatment was used in addition to the antibiotic. healing time in uncomplicated cases was less than 10 days. in complicated cases, both early and late, healing took about 2 to 3 weeks. reactions to the drug were not significant.
infertility is a unique medical condition because it involves a couple, rather than a single individual. it is defined as inability of a couple to conceive after 12 months of regular intercourse without use of contraception in women less than 35 years of age; and after six months of regular intercourse without use of contraception in women 35 years and older [1]. some clinicians use the term subfertility to describe this failure to conceive unless the couple has been proven to be sterile.fecundability, the probability of achieving a pregnancy in one menstrual cycle, is a more accurate descriptor because it recognizes varying degrees of infertility.normal fertility
hairy cell leukemia (hcl) is a b-cell chronic lymphoproliferative disorder in which the pathologic cells show a strong expression of cd25 (interleukin-2 [il-2] receptor alpha chain or p55). "variant" cases of hcl, characterized by hyperleukocytosis, neoplastic elements with a prominent nucleolus and a higher nucleo/cytoplasmic ratio, and an easily obtained bone marrow aspirate, lack surface cd25 determinants. limited information is available on the expression of the il-2 receptor beta chain (p75) on normal and neoplastic b cells. in this study, we have assessed by immunofluorescence and mrna analysis the presence of the il-2 receptor alpha and beta chains on 12 cases of classic hcl, as well as on 3 variant cases. the results obtained show that, while the alpha chain of the il-2 receptor is present only on classic hcl, the il-2 receptor beta chain (p75) is expressed on both the classic and variant form. unlike hairy cells, only 8 of the 15 b-cell chronic lymphocytic leukemia cases tested showed a weak expression of the p75 antigen on a small proportion of cells. purified b lymphocytes from normal healthy controls, as well as epstein-barr virus-transformed lymphoblastoid cell lines, showed a weak staining for the p75 determinant, while being cd25-. the results of this study suggest that the expression of the alpha and beta chains of the il-2 receptor appears to be upregulated or downregulated during the process of b-cell-lineage activation and differentiation.
effects of spermine and sodium butyrate on the in vitro phosphorylation of hmg non-histone proteins of the liver of young and old rats.
effect of potassium permanganate modification on plasticized spinning polyacrylonitrile fibers with different diameters.
antibodies raised against a purified fraction from microsomal membranes of leek epidermal cells were used to screen a lambda zap expression library from epidermal cells of leak plants. a near full-length clone was isolated. this cdna contains an open reading-frame of 1,191 bp coding for a dnaj protein (leek dnaj 1 or ldj1). leek dnaj1 represents the second protein of this type described in a pluricellular organism, the first being that sequenced from human cells.
botulinum toxin is one of the most potent molecule known to mankind. a neurotoxin, with high affinity for cholinergic synapse, is effectively capable of inhibiting the release of acetylcholine. on the other hand, botulinum toxin is therapeutically used for several musculoskeletal disorders. although most of the therapeutic effect of botulinum toxin is due to temporary skeletal muscle relaxation (mainly due to inhibition of the acetylcholine release), other effects on the nervous system are also investigated. one of the therapeutically investigated areas of the botulinum neurotoxin (bont) is the treatment of pain. at present, it is used for several chronic pain diseases, such as myofascial syndrome, headaches, arthritis, and neuropathic pain. although the effect of botulinum toxin in pain is mainly due to its effect on cholinergic transmission in the somatic and autonomic nervous systems, research suggests that botulinum toxin can also provide benefits related to effects on cholinergic control of cholinergic nociceptive and antinociceptive systems. furthermore, evidence suggests that botulinum toxin can also affect central nervous system (cns). in summary, botulinum toxin holds great potential for pain treatments. it may be also useful for the pain treatments where other methods are ineffective with no side effect(s). further studies will establish the exact analgesic mechanisms, efficacy, and complication of botulinum toxin in chronic pain disorders, and to some extent acute pain disorders.
the photochemistry of glyoxylic acid (hc(o)c(o)oh) is explored in the near uv in both the singlet (
the structure-function paradigm is increasingly replaced by the structure-dynamics-function paradigm. all protein activity is steered by the interplay between enthalpy and entropy. conformational dynamics serves as a proxy of conformational entropy. therefore, it is essential to study not only the average conformation but also the spatial sampling of a protein on all timescales. to this purpose, we have established a protocol for determining multiple-state ensembles of proteins based on exact nuclear overhauser effects (enoes). we have recently extended our previously reported enoe data set for the protein gb3 by a very large set of backbone and side-chain residual dipolar couplings and three-bond j couplings. here, we demonstrate that at least four structural states are required to represent the complete data set by dissecting the contributions to the cyana target function, which quantifies restraint violations in structure calculation. we present a four-state ensemble of gb3, which largely preserves the characteristics obtained from enoes only. due to the abundance of the input data, the ensemble and χ(1) angles in particular are well suited for cross-validation of the input data and comparison to x-ray structures. principal component analysis is used to automatically identify and validate relevant states of the ensembles. overall, our findings suggest that enoes are a valuable alternative to traditional nmr probes in spatial elucidation of proteins.
higher-order chromatin fibers (200--300 a in diameter) are reproducibly released from nuclei after lysis in the absence of formalin and/or detergent. electron microscope analysis of these fibers shows that they are composed of a continuous array of closely apposed nucleosomes which display several distinct packing patterns. analysis of the organization of nucleosomes within these arrays and their distribution along long stretches of chromatin suggest that the basic 100-a chromatin fiber is not packed into discrete superbeads and is not folded into a uniform solenoid within the native 250-a fiber. furthermore, because similar higher-order fibers have been visualized in metaphase chromosomes, the existence of this fiber class appears to be independent of the degree of in vivo chromatin condensation.
the influence of a quantizing electric field on the spin polarization is treated for semiconductor superlattices with a rashba spin-orbit interaction. for weakly coupled superlattices, the quantum kinetic equation for the canonically transformed density matrix is analytically solved. the spin polarization, which is induced by a magnetic field via the zeeman splitting, exhibits a sharp minimum at the cyclotron-stark tunnelling resonance. this electric-field-induced resonant tunnelling mixes different spin states and leads to a strong spin depolarization.
tumor necrosis factor alpha maintains the viability of murine epidermal langerhans cells in culture, but in contrast to granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor, without inducing their functional maturation.
streptococcus suis colonizes the upper respiratory tract of adult pigs and can be transmitted to humans where it can lead to serious infections including sepsis and meningitis. s. suis was detected in all four wwtp and p32 samples.
26 sgouros s  natarajan k  hockley ad  goldin jh  wake m   skull base growth in childhood pediatr neurosurg 1999 31 259 268 10681681
ns are named according to the first 3 letters of the genus and the first letter of the species (eg, the allergen for dermatophagoides pteronyssinus is classified as der p and dermatophagoides farinae
[difficulties in classifying body cavity fluids into transudate/ exudate depending on the various diagnostic criteria].
her2-targeted drugs are important components of breast cancer therapy, both as frontline agents in the case of trastuzumab and as secondary options when trastuzumab resistance emerges. finding either unique or common mechanisms of resistance to her2-targeted therapies could help predict therapeutic response and also might reveal additional targets for therapeutic intervention in combination with currently available drugs. t-darpp was first discovered as a cancer-specific alternative form of darpp-32, a well-known effector of pka signaling in neuronal cells. t-darpp expression tends to increase while darpp-32 expression decreases during malignant transformation and tumor progression, both in humans and mice [18, 26], and there have been multiple reports demonstrating that t-darpp overexpression confers resistance to trastuzumab and other drugs [7–10]. we have previously reported that darpp-32 and t-darpp have antagonistic roles in determining a cell's sensitivity to trastuzumab [8]. the shift in the relative amounts of darpp-32 and t-darpp in lapatinib-resistant cells (fig. 1) suggests that this ratio, with a need for excess t-darpp, might play a role in the development of lapatinib resistance as well.
one-day-old chicks were inoculated intraperitoneally with a newly isolated picornavirus. the inoculated chicks showed no clinical signs until 28 days postinoculation (pi), but discoloration of the kidneys was recognized from 7 to 21 days pi at autopsy. histologically, focal lesions were observed in the cortex of the kidneys from 3 to 21 days pi. the lesions were characterized by interstitial lymphocytic infiltration and degeneration of epithelial cells of the proximal convoluted tubules. the degenerated cells contained acidophilic granules in their cytoplasm. electron-microscope examination of the cytoplasm revealed electron-dense amorphous areas, phagosomal areas with viral particles, and isolated crystal arrays of the virus particles, 23 to 30 nm in size. granular antigen was also detected by fluorescent-antibody technique in the cells.
exosome-delivered micrornas modulate the inflammatory response to endotoxin . nat commun  (2015 ) 6 :7321 .10.1038/ncomms8321 26084661
[endemic heteroresistant glycopeptide intermediate staphylcoccus aureus (hgisa) comprising unrelated clonal types and not associated with vancomycin therapy].
extent of human immunodeficiency virus type 1 drug resistance as a predictor of virological failure after genotype-guided treatment switch.
a sorbent system (redy d 11 cartridge) capable of on-line regeneration of ultrafiltrate during hemofiltration (amicon 0.5 m2) has been developed and applied on a 3 x 4 hr/week schedule to three patients with end-stage renal failure previously treated for up to six months with hemodialysis. total experience, to date, is sixteen patient months (three to seven months). tolerance to fluid removal improved with the new system. patient well-being and rehabilitation have been maintained. the system offers the potential of hemofiltration without sterile replacement fluid or expensive fluid-balancing machines.
heat shock proteins (hsps) display adjuvant functions when given as fusion proteins to enhance vaccination efficiency. to evaluate enhanced potency of hantaan virus (htnv) glycoprotein (gp) and nucleocapsid protein (np) immunogenicity by heat shock protein 70 (hsp70), a recombinant adenovirus rad-gns0.7-pcag-hsp70c expression vector was developed by genetically linking the hsp70 c-terminal gene (hsp70 359-610 aa, hsp70c) to the gn and 0.7 kb fragment of the np (aa1-274-s0.7). c57bl/6 mice were immunized with these recombinant adenoviral vectors. a series of immunological assays determined the immunogenicity of the recombinant adenoviral vectors. the results showed that rad-gns0.7-pcag-hsp70c induced a stronger humoral and cellular immune response than other recombinant adenoviruses (rad-gns0.7-pcag and rad-gns0.7) and the hfrs vaccine control. animal protection experiments showed that rad-gns0.7-pcag-hsp70c was effective at protecting c57bl/6 mice from htnv infection. the results of the immunological experiments showed that hsp70c lead to enhanced vaccine potency, and suggested significant potential in the development of genetically engineered vaccines against htnv.
native ion mobility-mass spectrometry (im-ms) is an emerging biophysical approach to probe the intricate details of protein structure and function. the instrument design enables measurements of accurate first-principle determinations of rotationally-averaged ion-neutral collision cross sections coupled with high-mass, high-resolution mass measurement capabilities of orbitrap ms. the inherent duty-cycle mismatch between drift tube im and orbitrap ms is alleviated by operating the drift tube in a frequency modulated mode while continuously acquiring mass spectra with the orbitrap ms. fourier transform of the resulting time-domain signal, i.e., ion abundances as a function of the modulation frequency, yields a frequency domain spectrum that is then converted (s
structural similarities and differences between neurofilament proteins from five different species as revealed using monoclonal antibodies.
all our patients were investigated and treated adequately with other skin conditions ruled out by the dermatologist before referral to the psychiatrist and a diagnosis of dp was considered as per diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders fourth edition text revision criteria.[3] female preponderance in patients and their relatives sharing the belief and belonging to the middle age group was in keeping with the findings of other researchers.[56]
mechanisms of melanocortin-2 receptor (mc2r) internalization and recycling in human embryonic kidney (hek) cells: identification of key ser/thr (s/t) amino acids.
the handling editor declared a shared affiliation, though no other collaboration, with the authors vm, gp, and ad. the other authors declare that the research was conducted in the absence of any commercial or financial relationships that could be construed as a potential conflict of interest.
kly vacuuming is recommended, and vacuum bags should have 2 layers or a hepa filter to decrease aerosolized allergen exposure because of the air disturbance. individuals allergic to dust mites should
unless otherwise indicated, all reagents were purchased from sigma (deisenhofen, germany). dulbecco’s modified eagle media (dmem), dulbecco’s phosphate buffered saline (pbs) and penicillin/streptomycin were acquired from pan biotech (aidenbach, germany), hplc-grade methanol and chloroform were from merck (darmstadt, germany), [methyl,-3h]-choline chloride was from perkinelmer (waltham, ma, usa), [1,2-14c] ethanolamine hydrochloride was from hartman analytic (braunschweig, germany), and trimethyl-[d9]-choline chloride and [d4]-ethanolamine were from cambridge isotope laboratories (andover, ma, usa).
the p23h variant of rhodopsin results in misfolding of the protein, and is a common cause of the blinding disease autosomal dominant retinitis pigmentosa (adrp). we have recently demonstrated that degeneration of photoreceptor cells in retinas of p23h mice is due to the endoplasmic reticulum stress (ers)-induced activation of autophagy that leads to a secondary proteasome insufficiency and activation of cell death pathways. we propose that this increased level of autophagy flux relative to proteasome activity, which we term the a:p ratio, represents a marker of altered photoreceptor cell homeostasis, and that therapies aimed at normalizing this ratio will result in increased photoreceptor cell survival. to test this postulate, we treated p23h mice with a chemical chaperone (4-phenylbutyric acid) to improve rhodopsin folding, or with a selective phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitor (rolipram) to increase proteasome activity. p23h mice treated with either of these agents exhibited reduced ers, decreased autophagy flux, increased proteasome activity, and decreased activation of cell death pathways. in addition, rates of retinal degeneration were decreased, and photoreceptor morphology and visual function were preserved. these findings support the conclusion that normalizing the a:p ratio, either by reducing the ers-induced activation of autophagy, or by increasing proteasome activity, improves photoreceptor survival, and suggest a potential new therapeutic strategy for the treatment of adrp caused by protein folding defects.
cell identification and enumeration are essential procedures within clinical and research laboratories. for over 150 years, quantitative investigation of body fluids such as counts of various blood cells has been an important tool for diagnostic analysis. with the current evolution of point-of-care diagnostics and precision medicine, cheap and precise cell counting technologies are in demand. this article reviews the timeline and recent notable advancements in cell counting that have occurred as a result of improvements in sensing including optical and electrical technology, enhancements in image processing capabilities, and contributions of micro and nanotechnologies. cell enumeration methods have evolved from the use of manual counting using a hemocytometer to automated cell counters capable of providing reliable counts with high precision and throughput. these developments have been enabled by the use of precision engineering, micro and nanotechnology approaches, automation and multivariate data analysis. commercially available automated cell counters can be broadly classified into three categories based on the principle of detection namely, electrical impedance, optical analysis and image analysis. these technologies have many common scientific uses, such as hematological analysis, urine analysis and bacterial enumeration. in addition to commercially available technologies, future technological trends using lab-on-a-chip devices have been discussed in detail. lab-on-a-chip platforms utilize the existing three detection technologies with innovative design changes utilizing advanced nano/microfabrication to produce customized devices suited to specific applications.
prevalence of high risk human papillomavirus infection with different cervical cytological features among women undergoing health examination at the national cancer institute, thailand.
thiamphenicol glycinate acetylcysteinate (tga, cas 20192-91-0) is a water soluble ester of thiamphenicol (tap) that allows a rapid utilization by the systemic route but also a direct local action when used as aerosol. to assess the efficacy of aerosolized tga in the treatment of experimental pneumonia in mice, we compared its in vivo activity with that of thiamphenicol glycinate hydrochloride (tg), erythromycin (ert) and amoxicillin (amx), the last two compounds being more active in vitro than tap. tga, administered by aerosol route, showed better efficacy than the aerosolized tg, particularly as far as survival rate is concerned, and was significantly more potent than ert and similar to amx either administered by oral route. no significantly different therapeutic efficacy was observed when tga was parenterally administered. the rapid release, at the site of infection, of tap and n-acetylcysteine and the favourable pharmacokinetic properties of tga accounted in large part for its high therapeutic efficacy against streptococcus pyogenes pneumonia.
currently, laboratories are required to perform all tests requested by the clinician and/or nursing staff, resulting in over-utilisation of services. to address inappropriate use of laboratory tests (i.e., non-ell tests) across south africa by phc facilities, three key initiatives are proposed.
palliative care philosophy is based on a holistic approach to patients, but research shows that possibilities for living up to this philosophy seem limited by historical and administrative structures. from the nurse perspective, this article aims to explore nursing practice in specialised palliative homecare, and how it is influenced by organisational and cultural structures. qualitative, semi-structured interviews with nine nurses were conducted, inspired by bourdieu. the findings showed that nurses consolidate the doxa of medicine, including medical-professional values that configure a control-oriented, positivistic approach, supported by the organising policy for clinical practice. hierarchically, nurses were positioned under doctors: medical rounds functioned as a structuring structure for their working day. they acted as medical assistants, and the prevailing medical logic seemed to make it difficult for nurses to meet their own humanistic ideals. only short time slots allowed nurses to prioritise psychosocial needs of patients and relatives. point-of-actions had high priority, added financial resources and ensured that budgets were allocated. weekly visits made it possible for nurses to measure, control and govern patients' drugs and symptoms which was a necessity for their function as medical assistants. the findings challenge nurses to take on an ethical point of view, partly to ensure that patients and their families receive good palliative care focusing on more than medical issues and logic, and partly to strengthen the nurses' profession in the palliative field and help them implement palliative care philosophy in practice.
lipid modification during cytodifferentiation of tetrahymena vorax. whole cell phospholipids and triacylglycerols of microstomal and macrostomal phenotypes.
figure 4 percentage of true disease genes detection for prince methods. percentage values of true disease genes detection by using generic ppi and tsg networks for prince method. testing is carried for breast cancer, colorectal cancer, prostate cancer, lung cancer, diabetes mellitus and alzheimer disease separately.
ayurveda uses 1587 plants[1] for many well-documented herbal medicines formulated based on ayurvedic principles to cure several diseases.[23] this can become a good source for developing more scientifically advanced herbal products. there are several elaborate dosage forms of herbal medicines in ayurveda such as cūrṇa, svarasa, kaṣāya, asava, ariṣṭa, ghṛtam, lehyam and tailam[234] used by the people owing to its affordability and easy access.[567]
the function of the fam83f protein, like the functions of many members of the fam83 family, is poorly understood. here, we show that injection of fam83f mrna into
novel polycarboxylate porphyrins: synthesis, characterization, photophysical properties and preliminary antimicrobial study against gram-positive bacteria.
12. atsdr (agency for toxic substances and disease registry)  action levels for elemental mercury spills available online: http://www.atsdr.cdc.gov/emergency_response/action_levels_for_elemental_mercury_spills_2012.pdf  (accessed on 27 august 2015)
detection of lung, breast, colorectal, and prostate cancers from exhaled breath using a single array of nanosensors.
the relationship between reduced lung function and cardiovascular mortality: a population-based study and a systematic review of the literature.
the chronic inflammatory nature of chronic rhinosinusitis (crs) makes it a morbid condition for individuals with the disease and one whose pathogenesis is poorly understood. to date, proteomic approaches have been applied successfully in a handful of crs studies. in this study we use a multifaceted approach, including proteomics (itraq labeling) and microbiome (bacterial 16s rrna gene sequencing) analyses of middle meatus swabs, as well as immune cell analysis of the underlying tissue, to investigate the host-microbe interaction in individuals with crs (
a total of 17,744 patients with complete information from the seer-18 database were included in the construction of the nomograms from 2002 to 2015 (table s1). among them, most patients were man, early stage, and white. gastrointestinal tract, head/neck and skin and soft tissue were the most common primary sites.
precise spatiotemporal gene expression regulation is crucial for human erythropoiesis. however, dramatic changes in the chromatin structure and transcriptome involved in α-globin gene expression during erythropoiesis still not fully understand. to identify candidate regulators for α-globin gene regulation, we carried out an integrated approach by integrating publicly available transcriptomic and epigenomic data. we computed active enhancers by overlapping enriched regions marked with h3k4me1 and h3k27ac and correlated their activity with mrna expression. next, we cataloged potential transcription factors via de novo motif analysis. we highlighted the discovery of potential novel transcription factor mzf1 of the α-globin gene in erythroid differentiation. to validate the role of mzf1, we quantified the expression level of mzf1 and α-globin gene in hspcs, early erythroid progenitors and late erythroid precursors cells. both the mrna and protein expression patterns of mzf1 were consistent with the α-globin gene. also, the qpcr result showed that the expression of the α-globin gene was significantly increased by the mzf1 overexpression. to further investigate the role of mzf1 regulating α-globin gene transcriptional activity during erythroid differentiation, we performed chip-qpcr at the α-globin locus. our results showed that mzf1 recruitment both at 4 upstream hs sites and α-globin gene promoter in erythroid precursor cells. to determine the importance of the mzf1 to enhancer-promoter interaction at the α-globin locus, we compared interaction frequency before and after knockdown of mzf1 by chromosome conformation capture (3c) assay. upon mzf1 depletion, both the expression of the α-globin gene and all 3c signals were significantly decreased. taken together, mzf1 plays an important role in regulating α-globin gene expression by binding to long-region enhancers and α-globin gene promoter and facilitates the organization of specific 3d chromatin architecture in erythroid differentiation.
in addition to uranium-containing sims, abi fluxes have demonstrated moderate success in stabilizing non-uranium sims as well. for example, the pentanary selenide (k3i)[inb12(inse4)3] was synthesized from a ki flux (guo et al., 2016). the crystal structure of (k3i)[inb12(inse4)3] is non-centrosymmetric and was found to be shg active (figure 8), exhibiting a higher shg intensity than the isostructural (k3i)[smb12(gas4)3], which the authors suggested was on account of the larger dipole moment of the inse4 unit relative to gas4.
electrolysis can permanently remove hair when done correctly, but it is a slow process that can be uncomfortable and can occasionally cause scarring. electrolysis is typically used on selected areas of the face (eg, eyebrows, chin, upper lip), but it can also be used in the bikini area and other small areas. (see 'electrolysis' above.)●
evolutionary relationships within aspergillus section flavi based on sequences of the intergenic transcribed spacer regions and the 5.8s rrna gene.
drake & bossenbroek (2004) drake jm  bossenbroek jm   the potential distribution of zebra mussels in the united states bioscience 10 2004 54 931 941 10.1641/0006-3568(2004)054[0931:tpdozm]2.0.co;2
the purpose of child safeguarding is to identify children at risk of abuse or neglect and to reduce this risk. nhs trusts are required to have named and designated safeguarding children clinicians, who need strong leadership skills. this article presents the design and implementation of a leadership training programme developed for these professionals, and an evaluative research study of the programme.
rh-catalyzed kinetic resolution of enynes and highly enantioselective formation of 4-alkenyl-2,3-disubstituted tetrahydrofurans.
since approximately 450 years ago, two pathways have been acknowledged for transmitting sound to the inner ear; one is air conduction and the other is bone conduction.
3 = 0.80 (0.02) × 10−3 mm2/s, md = 1.06 (0.02) × 10−3 mm2/s, fa =0.27 (0.01). the expected bias (using fig. 4) at this combination of snrnon-dw and nd of λ
figure 3 layers of atoms perpendicular to [0 1 0], viewed along [1 0 0] in the crystal structures of hp‐tb3o5. left: ht‐hp‐tb3o5; the layers around y=0 and y=0.5 show a buckling characteristic for the β‐yb5sb3‐type structure. the atom displacements in the transition to the low‐temperature polymorph are indicated by arrows. right: lt‐hp‐tb3o5; the oxygen atoms o5 (equaling o1 in ht‐hp‐tb3o5) and o2 are shifted along [0 0 1] (equaling [0 1 0] in ht‐hp‐tb3o5).
ca2+ entry is a prerequisite for both exocytosis and the phosphorylation of synapsin i and marcks proteins in mammalian cerebrocortical synaptosomes. the novel spider toxin aga-gi completely blocks kcl-evoked glutamate exocytosis but only partially inhibits kcl-evoked cytoplasmic ca2+ elevations, thus revealing at least two pathways for kcl-induced ca2+ entry. aga-gi completely attenuates kcl-induced phosphorylation of synapsin i and marcks proteins. we therefore conclude that both exocytosis and the phosphorylation of synapsin i and marcks proteins are specifically coupled to ca2+ entry via a subset of voltage dependent ca2+ channels at the nerve terminal which are sensitive to aga-gi.
levin martin s  moeti r  pullen-seufert n   implementing safe routes to school: application for the socioecological model and issues to consider health promot pract 2009 10 4 606 14 10.1177/1524839907309378 18411335
during inflammatory and allergic responses, mast cells activated by allergens release several inflammatory mediators, such as histamine, proinflammatory cytokines, and chemokines. ginsenoside rb1, re, and rh1 treatment significantly decreased histamine release from activated mast cells [28], [29], [30]. in addition, g-rg5 and g-rh3 suppressed degranulation of mast cells by decreasing histamine, tnf-α, and il-6 in rbl-2h3 cells [31]. moreover, g-rg3 inhibits the release of tnf-α, il-1β, and il-6 in lps-stimulated neutrophils and macrophages in bronchoalveolar lavage fluids [32]. our results showed that the release of proinflammatory cytokines including il-1β, il-6, and tnf-α in mast cells was decreased by g-rg3 treatment (fig. 3).
14. cherney lr   oral reading for language in aphasia (orla): evaluating the efficacy of computer-delivered therapy in chronic nonfluent aphasia top stroke rehabil 2010 17 423 431 10.1310/tsr1706-423 21239366
using the rat as an experimental model we have studied the healing of chronic gastric lesions and the modifications of these lesions by antiulcer agents. gastric injuries were induced by submucosal injection of 0.05 ml of 5% acetic acid. placebo, ranitidine (rnt) or zinc acexamate (zac) were administered orally. the evolution of gastric injuries was macro- and microscopically evaluated at 6, 12 and 21 days after acetic acid injection. the administration of either rnt (30 mg/kg) or zac (200 mg/kg) was followed by a marked improvement of the healing process with respect to control groups. the size of experimental ulcers at 21 days was 3.1 +/- 0.8 mm2 for the control group, 1.8 +/- 1.1 mm2 for rnt-treated animals and 0.3 +/- 0.6 mm2 for zac-treated rats (p less than 0.05, vs. control). a similar tendency was observed when lesions were microscopically analyzed. indices of microscopical lesions (0-6) at 21 days were 3.8 +/- 0.8 for the control group, 3.0 +/- 0.8 for rats receiving rnt and 2.3 +/- 0.4 for rats receiving zac (p less than 0.05, vs. control). the statistical analysis of the distribution of microscopical indices of lesions showed significant differences in favour of zac at days 6 (p less than 0.01) and 21 (p less than 0.05). our study indicates that the evolution of gastric damage induced by acid acetic injection was consistently better in rats treated with zac than in those receiving rnt. data obtained in our experiments suggest that the blockade of h2 receptors does not guarantee the optimal healing of chronic gastric lesions induced in rats.
cheng s  frank lm   2008 new experiences enhance coordinated neural activity in the hippocampus neuron 57 303 313 10.1016/j.neuron.2007.11.035 18215626
getting prepared for hiv prevention navigation: young black gay men talk about hiv prevention in the biomedical era.
another theoretical model proposes that the dimensions of fear and anger, defined in a broad sense, underlie a broad spectrum of mood, behavioral and personality disorders.
amyloid beta-peptide (abeta) is postulated to play a central role in the pathogenesis of alzheimer's disease. we recently proposed a pathway of abeta-induced toxicity that is app dependent and involves the facilitation of app complex formation by abeta. the app-dependent component requires cleavage of app at position 664 in the cytoplasmic domain, presumably by caspases or caspase-like proteases, with release of a potentially cytotoxic c31 peptide. in this study we show that abeta interacted directly and specifically with membrane-bound app to facilitate app homo-oligomerization. using chimeric app molecules, this interaction was shown to take place between abeta and its homologous sequence on app. consistent with this finding, we demonstrated that abeta also facilitated the oligomerization of beta-secretase cleaved app c-terminal fragment (c99). we found that the yenpty domain in the app cytoplasmic tail and contained within c31 is critical for this cell death pathway. deletion or alanine- scanning mutagenesis through this domain significantly attenuated cell death apparently without affecting either app dimerization or cleavage at position 664. this indicated that sequences within c31 are required after its release from app. as the yenpty domain has been shown to interact with a number of cytosolic adaptor molecules, it is possible that the interaction of app, especially dimeric forms of app, with these molecules contribute to cell death.
26 schriefer me , sacci jb jr , taylor jp , higgins ja , azad af  (1994 ) murine typhus: updated roles of multiple urban components and a second typhuslike rickettsia . j med entomol 31 : 681 -685  pubmed: 79661707966170
in recent years, deep venous thrombosis (dvt) after spine surgery has received extensive attention, but perioperative prevalence of dvt in patients undergoing percutaneous kyphoplasty (pkp) is lacking.to assess the perioperative prevalence of deep vein thrombosis (dvt) in patients undergoing pkp with routinely applied ultrasonography.we reviewed 1113 consecutive patients undergoing pkp from january 2014 to august 2017. the surgical procedure was bilateral pkp. all patients were routinely examined with ultrasonography when admitted to the hospital and on the first post-operative day. clinical signs of dvt were checked and recorded before examination.forty (3.6%) out of 1113 patients were diagnosed with dvt by ultrasonography. of the 40 detected cases of dvt, only six (0.54%) patients presented with clinical signs of dvt, demonstrating that there were 34 (3.05%) asymptomatic cases. no patient presenting with clinically suspected pulmonary embolism (pe) was observed. gender, body mass index (bmi), operative time, hypertension, diabetes, heart disease, and lower limb fracture were not significant risk factors for dvt (p > .05). in contrast, patient age, oncologic conditions, dvt history, and paraplegia appeared to be significant risk factors for dvt (p < .01). there was no significant difference in the incidence of dvt found between the three pkp surgical levels (p > .05).the total incidence of perioperative dvt diagnosed with ultrasonography in patients undergoing pkp was 3.6%, of which only 0.54% was symptomatic cases. it is necessary to assess dvt using ultrasonography during the perioperative procedure of pkp, especially for high-risk patients.level of evidence: level iv.
purification and characterization of epsilon-n-trimethyllysine l-amino oxidase from neurospora crassa.
38. collie gw  parkinson gn  neidle s  rosu f  de pauw e  gabelica v   j am chem soc 2010 132 9328 9334 10.1021/ja100345z 20565109
a common ethical code for everybody involved in health care is desirable, but there are important limitations to the role such a code could play. in order to understand these limitations the approach to ethics using principles and their application to medicine is discussed, and in particular the implications of their being prima facie. the expectation of what an ethical code can do changes depending on how ethical properties in general are understood. the difficulties encountered when ethical values are applied reactively to an objective world can be avoided by seeing them as a more integral part of our understanding of the world. it is concluded that an ethical code can establish important values and describe a common ethical context for health care but is of limited use in solving new and complex ethical problems.
intracellular targeted co-delivery of shmdr1 and gefitinib with chitosan nanoparticles for overcoming multidrug resistance.
motion of the brushes on the carpeting and the air disturbance from the exhaust flow.{ref28] other measures impermeable coverings are recommended for the pillow, box spring, and mattress because anima
total synthesis of the grp78-downregulatory macrolide (+)-prunustatin a, the immunosuppressant (+)-sw-163a, and a jbir-04 diastereoisomer that confirms jbir-04 has nonidentical stereochemistry to (+)-prunustatin a.
cross-sectional study conducted in a university hospital located in the brazil's northeastern with 50 patients in the prostatectomy immediate postoperative. the study aimed to identify the defining characteristics and related/ risk factors that are associated with nursing diagnoses present in patients undergoing to prostatectomy. nine nursing diagnoses that are statistically associated with related/ risk factors and defining characteristics were identified. we conclude that the considerable number of identified associations between nursing diagnoses and their elements shows that professionals, especially those in the urology clinic, should be prepared for the various care needs of this clientele.
2. youle rj  van der bliek am   mitochondrial fission, fusion, and stress science 2012 337 1062 1065 10.1126/science.1219855 22936770
transmission of maternal blood cells to the fetus during pregnancy: detection in mouse neonatal spleen by immunofluorescence flow cytometry and polymerase chain reaction.
during the recommissioning of a philips rt-250 kilovoltage x-ray unit, unexpected output variations with tube head rotation (cross-plane) and tube head tilt (in-plane) were observed. the measured output showed an increase of up to 7.3% relative to the neutral position (0? in-plane and 0? cross-plane) over the possible range of angles of in-plane rotation for 75 kvp (half-value layer, hvl = 1.84 mm al). a less pronounced but noticeable output change (with respect to the neutral position) was observed for cross-plane rotation reaching 2% for the 225 kvp beam (hvl = 0.90 mm cu). this output variation was observed while manually adjusting the current to maintain constancy according to the current meter gauge. in order to address the observed output dependence with head orientation, the dose rate monitor chamber of the kilovoltage unit was calibrated to monitor the beam output in real time. the dose rate was manually adjusted to maintain a constant dose rate (in r/min) as displayed on the r/min gauge. this approach resulted in maintaining beam output for the 75 kvp and the 225 kvp beams within +/- 2% for the in-plane angle variation and +/- 0.5% for the cross-plane angle variation. a daily output check that includes ion chamber-based measurements at the neutral position and an in-plane angle of 45? has been implemented using the constant dose rate approach to monitor the stability of the x-ray beams. as a result of the output variations with in/cross-plane rotation, the quality control (qc) procedures that are typically used for clinical setup have been modified to test the stability of the beams under the non-neutral positioning of the x-ray tube.
kakar s  nehra v  murray ja  dayharsh ga  burgart lj   significance of intraepithelial lymphocytosis in small bowel biopsy samples with normal mucosal architecture am j gastroenterol 2003 98 2027 2033 14499783
their nests are constructed in the pithy center of frond stems, and consist of a single, undivided burrow. "
plos oneplos oneplosplosoneplos one1932-6203public library of science san francisco, usa pone-d-12-3108610.1371/journal.pone.0062704research articleagricultureanimal managementanimal breedinganimal geneticsbiologycomputational biologygenomicsgenome analysis toolstranscriptomesgeneticsmolecular geneticsgene identification and analysisanimal geneticsgene expressiongene functiongene networksgenomicsgenome analysis toolstranscriptomesfunctional genomicsgenome expression analysisgenome sequencingexploring differentially expressed genes by rna-seq in cashmere goat (capra hircus) skin during hair follicle development and cycling gene expression in cashmere goat skingeng rongqing 12yuan chao 1chen yulin 1*1 college of animal science and technology, northwest a&f university, yangling, people’s republic of china2 college of life science and technology, yancheng teachers university, yancheng, people’s republic of chinagibas cynthia editoruniversity of north carolina at charlotte, united states of america* e-mail: myxy11@yahoo.com.cncompeting interests: the authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics of subcutaneous injection of long-acting human insulin analog glargine, nph insulin, and ultralente human insulin and continuous subcutaneous infusion of insulin lispro.
plasma concentrations of lactoferrin were measured in immediately separated edta samples from 5 subjects who had received hla identical bone marrow transplants for leukaemia or aplastic anaemia and from 7 subjects who were leukopenic as a consequence of chemotherapy for a variety of malignant conditions. plasma lactoferrin concentrations were found to closely parallel the leucocyte count and were not found to either predict or to antedate leucocyte regeneration. serial measurements of plasma lactoferrin in a subject with no circulating neutrophils who received a bone marrow graft revealed that the clearance of lactoferrin followed an exponential pattern and had an initial half time of 2.2 h.
two novel point mutations in the lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (lcat) gene resulting in lcat deficiency: lcat (g873 deletion) and lcat (gly344-->ser).
sequential anaerobic-aerobic biological treatment of colored wastewaters: case study of a textile dyeing factory wastewater.
metabolism of ceramide phosphorylethanolamine, phosphatidylinositol, phosphatidylserine and phosphatidylglycerol by housefly larvae.
an efficacious, low cost vaccine against typhoid fever, especially for young children, would make a major impact on disease burden in developing countries. the virulence capsular polysaccharide of salmonella typhi (vi) coupled to recombinant mutant pseudomonas aeruginosa exoprotein a (vi-repa) has been shown to be highly efficacious. we investigated the use of carrier proteins included in infant vaccines, standardized the conjugation process and developed key assays required for routine lot release at production scale. vi from a bsl1 organism, citrobacter freundii, strain wr7011, was used as an alternative to vi from s. typhi. we showed that vi conjugated to crm(197), a non-toxic mutant of diphtheria toxin, widely used in commercial vaccines, was produced at high yield. vi-crm(197) proved immunogenic in animal studies, even without adjuvant. thus, vi-crm(197) appears to be a suitable candidate for the development of a commercially viable, effective typhoid vaccine for developing countries.
radiation-induced nausea and vomiting: is abo blood group as important as radiation and patient-related factors? an observational study.
14 no y.j.  castilho m.  ramaswamy y.  zreiqat h.   role of biomaterials and controlled architecture on tendon/ligament repair and regeneration adv. mater. 1904511 2019 1 16
manatees are polyphyodonts with mandibular molars developing separately from the jaw and are encased in a bony shell separated by soft tissue.
patients with acute leukaemia have normal or near normal numbers of haemopoietic stem cells in their marrow at diagnosis. remission is achieved when the administration of cytotoxic drugs eradicates the bulk of the leukaemic population while sparing normal haemopoiesis. the mechanism by which chemotherapy seems to act in this selective manner is essentially unknown. nevertheless, remission rates of 80-95% can be achieved in children and in 50-80% of adults with acute leukaemia. attempts to cure patients in remission may entail either "continuing curative chemotherapy" or "supralethal" doses of chemoradiotherapy followed by autologous or allogeneic bone marrow transplantation. the relative merits of these different methods remain highly controversial but chemotherapy is usually the preferred method of continuing treatment for children with acute lymphoblastic leukaemia in first remission; and allogeneic transplantation is recommended for younger adults with acute myeloid leukaemia who have suitable hla-identical sibling donors. the role of autografting is still experimental. patients with chronic myeloid leukaemia can achieve long term remission and probably cure following allogeneic bone marrow transplantation but the resultant risks of mortality are still appreciable. chronic lymphocytic leukaemia currently remains incurable.
overall transcriptome (supplementary table s4, supplementary material online), worker traits may still be
reconstitution of the epidermal basement membrane after enzymatic dermal-epidermal separation of embryonic mouse skin.
on the fifth day at hospitalization, hemodialysis was initiated for treatment of rpgn. intravenous pulse methlyprednisolone was given (30 mg/kg, six consecutive days), followed by oral prednisolone and cyclophosphamide (2 mg/kg/day) for crescentic and necrotizing glomerulonephritis, in addition to colchicine for fmf.
epigenetics integrates genomic and environmental information to produce a given phenotype. here, the model of conserved epigenetic regulation of sex (cers) is discussed. this model is based on our knowledge on genes involved in sexual development and on epigenetic regulation of gene expression activation and silencing. this model was recently postulated to be applied to the sexual development of fish, and it states that epigenetic and gene expression patterns are more associated with the development of a particular gonadal phenotype, e.g., testis differentiation, rather than with the intrinsic or extrinsic causes that lead to the development of this phenotype. this requires the existence of genes with different epigenetic modifications, for example, changes in dna methylation levels associated with the development of a particular sex. focusing on dna methylation, the identification of cpgs, the methylation of which is linked to sex, constitutes the basis for the identification of essential epigenetic marks (eem). eems are defined as the number and identity of informative epigenetic marks that are strictly necessary, albeit perhaps not sufficient, to bring about a specific, measurable, phenotype of interest. here, we provide a summary of the genes where dna methylation has been investigated so far, focusing on fish. we found that
there has been considerable disagreement about the prognostic value of bronchoalveolar lavage lymphocyte measurements in patients with sarcoidosis. this study looks at the influence of the type of disease presentation and the time since onset of symptoms on lavage fluid lymphocyte profiles in 99 patients studied at the time of their initial diagnosis. patients who had an acute inflammatory onset of disease with erythema nodosum (n = 32) or acute uveitis (n = 17) almost invariably had high t lymphocyte helper:suppressor (th:ts) ratios (mean 10.1, 95% confidence interval 7.7-12.5) and had a higher proportion of t lymphocytes in cells obtained at lavage (40%, 35-46%) than patients with a pulmonary presentation (n = 38) (th:ts 2.9, 0.2-5.7; t lymphocytes 21%, 15-27%) or those studied after resolution of erythema nodosum (n = 12). the patients with recent erythema nodosum had the highest th:ts ratios of any group (10.4, 8.1-12.7). thus lavage t lymphocyte percentage and th:ts are highest in patients with sarcoidosis studied soon after an acute onset with an inflammatory condition such as erythema nodosum or uveitis. patients with an acute onset of sarcoidosis have a better prognosis than those with a more insidious presentation. the major influence of type of disease presentation and, in the case of patients with erythema nodosum, of time since onset of symptoms may in part explain why different centres have reported such diverse results regarding the value of bronchoalveolar lavage in predicting outcome in sarcoidosis. studies where the case mix of patients includes a high proportion of patients with acute onset will not find a high th:ts ratio or increased numbers or proportions of lavage lymphocytes to be indicators of a poor prognosis.
[observations on cases with minimal tuberculosis of doubtful activity with or without chemotherapy].
plasma cell neoplasia with peripheral polyneuropathy. a study of five cases and a review of the literature.
an outdoors.  avoidance measures  reduce spore infiltration because most of the fungal spores detected in a home are derived from outdoors, windows and doors should be kept closed as much as possible.
endoretinal biopsy in establishing the diagnosis of uveitis: a clinicopathologic report of three cases.
in newly diagnosed insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus, the mechanisms underlying the concomitant occurrence of magnesium deficiency and normal blood magnesium concentration are unknown. the renal handling of magnesium was, therefore, studied in 37 children with newly diagnosed insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus and in 13 controls. circulating magnesium levels were similar in patients and controls (0.86 vs. 0.84 mmol/l). however, the urinary excretion of magnesium was significantly higher in patients (90.6 vs. 32.2 mumol/l gfr). in the patients a significant positive correlation was found between excretion of magnesium and glycosuria or blood hydrogen ion activity. it is concluded that osmotic diuresis and acidosis increase magnesium excretion in newly diagnosed diabetes mellitus.
fig. 5 quantitative real-time pcr validations of the up-regulated and down-regulated genes characterized by rna-seq. log2(fold change) = log2(am-res/am)
in the psychological literature, there is growing evidence that parental support of children's volitional functioning is one of the most prominent protective factors during adolescence and the transition to adulthood. according to the self-determination theory, children cope best with developmental tasks when they acquire a sense of self-governance and self-endorsed functioning. in the field of adoption research, however, the parental promotion of volitional functioning (pvf) and its relation to the adopted child's development are still underinvestigated. the present study involved 160 italian internationally adopted adolescents and emerging adults and both their parents. it was aimed at examining the extent to which pvf, as reported by each family member, was related to the child's adoptive filiation. overall, findings showed significant associations between maternal and paternal pvf and adoptive filiation that, however, varied according to the informant and to the child's gender and age. results have been discussed in relation to the intervention with adoptive parents and children.
"phonological" dysphasia: a cross-modal phonological impairment affecting repetition, production, and comprehension.
table 2 shows the results for the various functional tests that were performed in bm-mnc in the four groups. the results of the two-way anova model with ihd and hf are shown separately in table 3. for all parameters, the interaction between ihd and hf was not significant and could be removed from the model.table 2 functional/numerical assessment of mnc in bm and pb
the influence ofadenosine diphosphate (adp) on respiration of pancreatic acinar cell mitochondria in situ was studied. the model of digitonin-treated pancreatic acini was used. it was found that succinate or a mixture of pyruvate, glutamate and malate intensified respiration ofpermeabilized cells. low adp concentration (100 microm) did not influence the rate of oxygen uptake, whereas at higher concentration (750 microm) brief intensification of respiration was observed when using nominally ca(2+)-free medium. when the medium with 100 nm ca2+ was used, adp had no effect on oxygen uptake, while the rate of respiration stimulated by a mixture of pyruvate, glutamate and malate increased. rate of succinate-stimulated respiration did not depend on ca2+ content in medium. the presence of atp in the medium reduced the stimulatory effect of adp, but increased its duration. intensification of respiration by adp, occurred only at elevated ca2+ content, was not associated with oxidative phosphorylation because oligomycin did not inhibit it. the effect ofadp might be a novel "functional marker" of development of pathological processes in the mitochondria of acinar pancreacytes.
19 prince m , stewart r , ford t , hotopf m , eds. practical psychiatric epidemiology . oxford : oxford university press , 2003
lly develop sensitization within the first three years of employment. approximately 1/3 of these workers develop allergy to the animal and 1/3 of those who develop allergies will develop asthma. an at
in sum, it seems that it is important to review the challenges of local policies in order to shed light for policy makers and healthcare managers to find applied solutions for implementing policies or correcting them. so, this study was conducted to identify the challenges and barriers of oral health policy implementation in iran as a low-income developing country in the middle east.
functional characterization and crystal structure of thermostable amylase from thermotoga petrophila, reveals high thermostability and an unusual form of dimerization.
30. denburg mr  haynes k  shults j  lewis jd  leonard mb   validation of the health improvement network (thin) database for epidemiologic studies of chronic kidney disease pharmacoepidemiol drug saf 2011 20 1138 1149 10.1002/pds.2203 22020900
the effect of pregnancy on aortic root in women with repaired conotruncal anomalies (cta) has not been clarified. this study examined aortic diameters during and after pregnancy in women with repaired cta. a retrospective review of consecutive pregnant women with repaired cta was performed for results of echocardiography from 1 year before pregnancy to 3 years after delivery and compared with findings from healthy pregnant volunteers. participants comprised 42 subjects and 49 deliveries with repaired cta (cta group), and 47 healthy pregnant women (control group). although no maternal aortic events were encountered, aortic diameters during pregnancy increased by 1.0 ± 2.2 mm (maximum, 7.0 mm) in the cta group and 0.6 ± 1.3 mm (maximum, 3.4 mm) in the control group (p = 0.13). the cta subgroup with increase in aortic diameter ≥ 3.5 mm during pregnancy showed no reversion to baseline diameter at follow-up > 6 months after delivery. significant risk factors for increased aortic diameter and no reversal included pulmonary atresia, history of aortopulmonary shunt, older age at repair, and smaller left ventricular end-diastolic diameter pre-pregnancy. women with repaired cta tolerated pregnancy and delivery well. however, the aortic root progressively dilated during pregnancy and 1/4 of them, especially those with longstanding high aortic blood flow before repair, showed an increase of aortic root size of ≥ 3.5 mm during the peripartum period; this dilatation tended not to revert to the pre-pregnancy diameter. therefore, serial measurement of the aortic root during pregnancy and after delivery is recommended in these women.
rodent from going undetected during movement from the outside to the inside of the building. elimination of food and water supply food sources, such as cereal, grain, and pet food should be stored in
effect of folic acid supplementation on genomic dna methylation in patients with colorectal adenoma.
prevalence of obesity, hyperlipemia and insulin resistance in children with suprasellar brain tumors.
in this brief review, the sleep studies on patients with west syndrome (ws) were summarized. in addition to the previously reported common finding for sleep in ws--reduction of the amount of rapid-eye-movement (rem) sleep--weakness of phasic suppression of chin muscle activity in ws patients has recently been found. the degree of this weakness is quantified by the phasic inhibition index (pii), which has been found to reflect a patient's prognosis as to convulsions. pii is proposed to be a useful parameter for assessing the prognosis of ws. since the pontine tegmentum is involved in the production of the rem-related phasic loss of muscle activity in rem sleep, ws patients are hypothesized to have a functional instability of the pontine tegmentum. after adrenocorticotropin (acth) treatment, pii decreased significantly in all ws patients examined. taken together with the effects of corticosteroids on pii, and the incidence of phasic chin muscle activity in patients with congenital adrenal hyperplasia and nephrotic syndrome, acth is hypothesized to suppress the spasms in ws patients not only through corticosteroids, but also through a direct action on the pontine tegmentum. since pii has been reported to be elevated in patients with an autistic tendency, the appearance of an autistic tendency is also hypothesized to be involved in the functional disturbance of the pontine tegmentum.
conservative operation and postoperative chemotherapy were given to 15 patients with malignant germ cell tumors of the ovary with the preservation of fertility and ovarian functions. four patients, one with endodermal sinus tumor and three immature teratoma, had full term deliveries after the operation. the possibility was discussed to preserve young women's fertility and ovarian function in treating their malignant germ cell tumors.
beta-glucosidases (bgls) are enzymes of great potential for several industrial processes, since they catalyze the cleavage of glucosidic bonds in cellobiose and other short cellooligosaccharides. however, features such as good stability to temperature, ph, ions and chemicals are required characteristics for industrial applications. this work aimed to provide a comparative biochemical analysis of three thermostable bgls from pyrococcus furiosus and thermotoga petrophila. the genes pfbgl1 (gh1 from p. furiosus), tpbgl1 (gh1 from t. petrophila) and tpbgl3 (gh3 from t. petrophila) were cloned and proteins were expressed in escherichia coli. the purified enzymes are hyperthermophilic, showing highest activity at temperatures above 80°c at acidic (tpbgl3 and pfbgl1) and neutral (tpbgl1) phs. the bgls showed greatest stability to temperature mainly at ph 6.0. activities using a set of different substrates suggested that tpbgl3 (gh3) is more specific than gh1 family members. in addition, the influence of six monosaccharides on bgl catalysis was assayed. while pfbgl1 and tpbgl3 seemed to be weakly inhibited by monosaccharides, tpbgl1 was activated, with xylose showing the strongest activation. under the conditions tested, tpbgl1 showed the highest inhibition constant (ki=1100.00mm) when compared with several bgls previously characterized. the bgls studied have potential for industrial use, specifically the enzymes belonging to the gh1 family, due to its broad substrate specificity and weak inhibition by glucose and other saccharides.
metabolically healthy obesity and risk of incident type 2 diabetes in 1077 statin-treated individuals: a six-year retrospective study.
the digits also have a quasi-periodic arrangement along the proximodistal axis, consisting of tandem chains of skeletal elements.
cadmium content of commercial and contaminated rice, oryza sativa, in thailand and potential health implications.
5 buchwald h  avidor y  braunwald e    bariatric surgery: a systematic review and meta-analysis jama 2004 292 14 1724 1737 15479938
lema jeanvoinei. 1 ♀// tonkin/ hanoi/ 7. iv. 1918/ jeanvoine// dessous/ et/ membres/ largement/ noirs// jeanvoinei/ n sp// museum paris/ 1958/ coll. pic// holotype// mnhn/ ec3059//.
pegylated liposomal doxorubicin (peg-doxo) is a promising drug for advanced/recalcitrant primary cutaneous t-cell lymphomas (ctcls). this prospective phase ii trial enrolled 19 patients. we observed overall and complete response rates of 84.2% and 42.1% (with no significant differences between stage i-iia and iib-iv patients), and 11% grade iii/iv toxicity. after a maximum 46 month-follow-up, median overall (os), event-free (efs) and progression-free (pfs) survival were 34, 18 and 19 months. os, efs and pfs rates at 46 months were 44%, 30% and 37% respectively. peg-doxo seems to be an active and safe principle that should be used in plurirelapsed, early stage-mf and in combination with other chemotherapeutic agents in advanced and aggressive ctcls.
the effects of reducing brain serotonin (5-ht) levels by means of intracerebral-ventricular injections of the tryptophan antagonist p-chlorophenylalanine (pcpa) were investigated in male rats. six days after the operation, pcpa-treated rats, either fed ad libitum or pair-fed to the food intake of control rats, showed decreased thermogenic activity and capacity in their interscapular brown adipose tissue (bat) and also increased fat storage in their white adipose tissue (wat). these results indicate that serotonergic synapses might play a regulatory role in the sympathetic control of bat thermogenesis and in the rate of wat deposition (by an as yet unidentified mechanism), in addition to their well established role in controlling food intake.
as generations proceed to reinvent themselves in an effort to achieve and maintain youth, cosmetic dentistry faces one of its greatest and most persistent challenges: the restoration of an aging smile. although the need for this restorative therapy has not yet been adequately studied, the momentum continues to build as aging teeth exhibit physical characteristics that affect their function as well as appearance. this review presents the most common factors influencing the esthetics of anterior tooth aging: coloration; wear and the effects of erosion, attrition, abrasion, and abfraction; and position of teeth relative to each other and surrounding tissues. while dental science seeks to understand how well age-specific restorative procedures can affect patients, the question of the necessity of this therapy remains. should a healthy smile require treatment? only time will reveal at what cost and to what extent a younger appearance plays a role in dental science.
few reports have addressed the long-lasting immunity and memory response after pandemic influenza vaccines [38,40]. most of the published data evaluated the response in the immediate weeks after vaccination, which may underestimate the long-term protection against influenza viruses. however, it is difficult to assess the precise longevity of vaccine-induced immunity in the field, as influenza viruses undergo a continual antigenic variation (‘antigenic drft’). it is for this reason seasonal vaccination is recommended annually. therefore, long-term humoral and cellular immunity after pandemic vaccines should be evaluated considering that more than one pandemic wave may occur [68].
12. garcia-canas v  simo c  leon c  cifuentes a   advances in nutrigenomics research: novel and future analytical approaches to investigate the biological activity of natural compounds and food functions journal of pharmaceutical and biomedical analysis 2010 51 290 304 10.1016/j.jpba.2009.04.019 19467817
methylation of cytosine nucleotides is governed by dna methyltransferases (dnmts) that establish de novo dna methylation patterns in early embryonic development (e.g., dnmt3a and dnmt3b) or maintain those patterns on hemimethylated dna in dividing cells (e.g., dnmt1). dnmts continue to be expressed at high levels in mature neurons, however their impact on neuronal function and behavior are unclear. to address this issue we examined dnmt1 and dnmt3a expression following associative learning. we also generated forebrain specific conditional dnmt1 or dnmt3a knockout mice and characterized them in learning and memory paradigms as well as for alterations in long-term potentiation (ltp) and synaptic plasticity. here, we report that experience in an associative learning task impacts expression of dnmt3a, but not dnmt1, in brain areas that mediate learning of this task. we also found that dnmt3a knockout mice, and not dnmt1 knockouts have synaptic alterations as well as learning deficits on several associative and episodic memory tasks. these findings indicate that the de novo dna methylating enzyme dnmt3a in postmitotic neurons is necessary for normal memory formation and its function cannot be substituted by the maintenance dna methylating enzyme dnmt1.
the physical basis of the periotest percussion diagnosis is theoretically studied by modelling the dental implant-bone system as a simple lumped parameter system. an expression of the effective stiffness k(eff) is derived as a function of the contact time tau. the validity of k(eff) obtained is verified by a comparison with experimental values estimated from other methods. relationships between k(eff) and the pure stiffness for the kelvin-voigt and maxwell models are also derived. it is suggested that an increase of viscosity as well as stiffness will decrease tau.
methadone is increasingly used in pain management and is a cornerstone in the treatment of opiate withdrawal. it is subject to highly variable clearance among patients. the complete metabolic disposition of methadone is likely to involve a number of enzymes, including specifically cyp2b6. previous studies in vitro suggest that metabolism by aromatase may also contribute. single-dose methadone pharmacokinetics (2 mg, intravenous) were studied in 15 healthy postmenopausal women in the presence and absence of a potent aromatase inhibitor, letrozole. a sequential design was used, involving a control period followed by treatment with letrozole (2.5 mg/d, 11 days), in which each subject served as her own control. on average, letrozole treatment reduced methadone systemic clearance by 22% (p = 0.001), increased methadone auc by 23% (p = 0.007), and increased elimination half-life by 21% (p = 0.042). the plasma parent-to-metabolite ratio also increased (p = 0.009), and there was a linear relationship (r2 = 0.74) between change in this plasma ratio and change in methadone auc0-∞. in contrast, there was no such association with change in apparent urinary methadone clearance. letrozole did not change methadone distribution half-life or its volume of distribution. overall, these data demonstrate a significant decrease in methadone clearance during coadministration of letrozole, consistent with decreased metabolism brought about by aromatase inhibition. an involvement of aromatase in the disposition of methadone may help explain the difficulty in methadone dosing and suggests a broader role for this catalyst of endogenous steroid metabolism in xenobiotic drug disposition.
cardiovascular disease risk factor burden during the menopause transition and late midlife subclinical vascular disease: does race/ethnicity matter?
note: the most common subtypes of malignant ovarian germ cell tumors and malignant ovarian sex cord–stromal tumors and their corresponding commonly identified alterations are noted [40,41,42]. frequencies are estimates based on the available data, which are limited for certain alterations or tumor subtypes. * loh—loss of heterozygosity. # nos—not otherwise specified. gsp—gs-protein, referring to the alpha subunit of g-protein (gs).
establishment of ebna-expressing cell lines by infection of epstein-barr virus (ebv)-genome-negative human lymphoma cells with different ebv strains.
http://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100000265medical research councilmrc u105197215http://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100000781european research councilempsi 339995http://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100001711swiss national science foundation310030_153145http://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100001711swiss national science foundation310030b_173335http://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100001711swiss national science foundationpz00p3_174169http://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100001711swiss national science foundation31003a_159558heptares therapeuticshttp://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100001711swiss national science foundation160805eth zürich fellowshipcopyeditorroemilyn cabal
onic immunosuppressive agents are, in rare instances, used to treat recalcitrant cases of severe, chronic, widespread allergic contact dermatitis or severe hand dermatitis that prevents a patient from
working or performing daily activities disulfiram: occasionally, an individual who is highly allergic to nickel and has severe vesicular hand dermatitis will benefit from treatment with disulfiram (a
rosenbaum d.l.  piers a.d.  schumacher l.m.  kase c.a.  butryn m.l.   racial and ethnic minority enrollment in randomized clinical trials of behavioural weight loss utilizing technology: a systematic review obes. rev. 18 7 2017 808 817 28524643
a new micro-scale separation technique was used to generate high-resolution isolation and concentration of gentamicin-resistant and gentamicin-susceptible strains of staphylococcus epidermidis. by most metrics these two strains are phenotypically identical, thus presenting a significant challenge to traditional analytical separation techniques. using g-idep microchannels, the strains were first electrokinetically differentiated and largely separated within a single channel. the characteristic separation times spanned a few seconds to a few minutes time. this data supports the concept that complex bioparticles can be identified by their electrical properties in short periods of time and for low-abundance samples. this approach could transform current medical diagnostics by eliminating the need for time-consuming steps (culturing, genotyping, resistance panels, etc.) in the clinical pathology workflow.
the micronucleus test as part of a short-term mutagenicity test program for the prediction of carcinogenicity evaluated by 143 agents tested.
less h  angelovici r  tzin v  galili g   principal transcriptional regulation and genome-wide system interactions of the asp-family and aromatic amino acid networks of amino acid metabolism in plants amino acids 2010 39 4 1023 1028 10.1007/s00726-010-0566-7 20364431
treatment of experimental osteonecrosis of the hip in adult rabbits with a single local injection of recombinant human fgf-2 microspheres.
common problems with intact upper limbs for people in this class include rotator cuffs tearing, shoulder impingement, epicondylitis and peripheral nerve entrapment.
autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (adpkd), caused by mutations in either pkd1 or pkd2 genes, is one of the most common human monogenetic disorders and the leading genetic cause of end-stage renal disease. unfortunately, treatment options for adpkd are limited. here we report the discovery and characterization of rgls4326, a first-in-class, short oligonucleotide inhibitor of microrna-17 (mir-17), as a potential treatment for adpkd. rgls4326 is discovered by screening a chemically diverse and rationally designed library of anti-mir-17 oligonucleotides for optimal pharmaceutical properties. rgls4326 preferentially distributes to kidney and collecting duct-derived cysts, displaces mir-17 from translationally active polysomes, and de-represses multiple mir-17 mrna targets including pkd1 and pkd2. importantly, rgls4326 demonstrates a favorable preclinical safety profile and attenuates cyst growth in human in vitro adpkd models and multiple pkd mouse models after subcutaneous administration. the preclinical characteristics of rgls4326 support its clinical development as a disease-modifying treatment for adpkd.
coculture of normal mouse mammary gland (nmmg) epithelial cells with 3t3-l1 preadipocytes resulted in inhibition of triglyceride accumulation. this inhibition was also observed when the nmmg cells were grown in inserts and placed within a 100-mm dish containing confluent 3t3-l1 cells. as the number of nmmg-containing inserts was increased, there was a progressive decline in triglyceride content of the 3t3-l1 cells. conditioned medium from nmmg cells also resulted in a dose-dependent inhibition of adipocyte formation, and when concentrated 10-fold by passage through a filter with a cutoff of 30 kda, all of the inhibitory activity was recovered. heating the concentrated conditioned medium at 98 degrees c for 30 min resulted in complete loss of activity. of several peptides tested, transforming growth factor-beta, platelet-derived growth factor, tumor necrosis factor, interleukin 6, and basic fibroblast growth factor showed inhibitory activity, whereas epidermal growth factor, insulin-like growth factor i, and transforming growth factor-alpha did not.
imaging and quantifying biochemical and physiological processes with pet clearly has major potential significance for all organ systems and many disease states. although the full utility and potential of emerging new applications of pet in organs other than the heart and brain must be demonstrated in basic and clinical research studies, the rapidly accumulating aggregate experience in oncology in particular, and in other organ systems and disease states as well, indicates that pet is now truly becoming a modality of both clinical and investigative use for the body as a whole as well as for specific organ systems. whole-body pet fdg imaging (fig 9) illustrates the potential of biochemical imaging to map the distribution of cancer throughout the body. with the growing list of radiopharmaceutical and quantitative techniques applicable to cancer studies with pet, this field will continue to realize significant growth.
the chicken anemia virus-derived protein apoptin induces apoptosis specifically in human tumor and transformed cells and not in normal, untransformed cells. the cell killing activity correlates with a predominantly nuclear localization of apoptin in tumor cells, whereas in normal cells, it is detected mainly in cytoplasmic structures. to explore the role of nuclear localization for apoptin-induced cell death in tumor cells, we employed a mutagenesis strategy. first, we demonstrated that the c terminus of apoptin contains a bipartite-type nuclear localization signal. strikingly, further investigation showed that apoptin contains two different domains that induce apoptosis independently, and for both domains, we found a strong correlation between localization and killing activity. using inhibitors, we ruled out the involvement of de novo gene transcription and translation and further showed that apoptin itself does not have any significant transcriptional repression activity, suggesting that apoptin exerts its effects in the nucleus by some other method. to determine whether nuclear localization is sufficient to enable apoptin to kill normal, untransformed cells, we expressed full-length apoptin fused to a heterologous nuclear localization signal in these cells. however, despite its nuclear localization, no apoptosis was induced, which suggests that nuclear localization per se is not sufficient for apoptin to become active. these studies increase our understanding of the molecular pathway of apoptin and may also shed light on the mechanism of cellular transformation.
165. mukherjee a.k.  carp m.j.  zuchman r.  ziv t.  horwitz b. a.  gepstein s.   proteomics of the response of arabidopsis thaliana  to infection with alternaria brassicicola  j. proteom. 2010 73 709 720 10.1016/j.jprot.2009.10.005 19857612
sonication-assisted layer-by-layer (lbl) deposition of gold nanoparticles (gnps) was carried out in an attempt to prepare highly conductive gold patterns on polyimide substrates. first, sonication time was optimized with gnps (12.8 nm) whose size was large enough to be analyzed by fe-sem in order to evaluate the surface coverage. next, multilayer formation (4, 8 and 12 layer) was confirmed using ethanedithiol (edt) as linker molecules under optimized conditions by measuring their uv absorption, near-ir (nir) transmittance, thickness, and electrical conductivity. finally, 20-layer films using small gnps (2.5 nm) were prepared with or without patterning, followed by sintering at 150 °c for 1h, which provided clean gold patterns with high electrical conductivity (2.5 × 10(5) ω(-1) cm(-1)).
the first naturally occurring case was in 1990, when a female agricultural engineer who was staying in the neighborhood of jardim sabiá in the municipality of cotia, a suburb of são paulo, brazil contracted the disease(the virus is also known as "sabiá virus").
do weight management programmes delivered at professional football clubs attract and engage high risk men? a mixed-methods study.
63 manolio ta  collins fs  cox nj  goldstein db  hindorff la  hunter dj  et al.   finding the missing heritability of complex diseases nature   2009 461 747 753 19812666
this article describes the current problem of anaemia in hospital patients, functional iron deficiency and reviews the current roles of intravenous iron therapy. attention to and correction of anaemia in the hospital patient may reduce the reliance for blood transfusion, with improvement in the patient's quality of life and outcomes.
the primary aim in treatment of chronic scfe consists of immediate stabilization of the epiphysis to prevent further slipping. for mild degrees of slipping (<30 degrees ), pinning in situ is the treatment of choice. with slips between 30 and 50 degrees, the decision should be based on individual factors (age, functional limitation of the hip joint) whether pinning in situ is sufficient or whether an additional intertrochanteric osteotomy according to imhäuser should be performed.the choice of implant should ensure a safe and stable connection between the epiphysis and the femoral neck without resulting in a substantial impairment of growth of the femoral neck due to premature closure of the growth plate. since 1982 we have used k wires for in situ pinning of the affected hip as well as for prophylactic pinning of the nonaffected hip with a low complication rate. in a clinical and radiological study, 65 patients with a chronic slip of less than 50 degrees could be assessed after in situ pinning. almost 75% were pain-free after a follow-up interval of 9.8 years, and 92% achieved a good or very good result according to the criteria of the iowa hip score, the mean score being 95.1 points. according to the radiological score of schulitz, five patients (7.7%) demonstrated a grade i osteoarthritis. one patient showed a partial necrosis of the femoral head; chondrolysis was not observed.
a method is described that allows the rapid and precise determination of the local anaesthetics bupivacaine and etidocaine from biological fluids. this method uses a fully automated system with solid-phase extraction in combination with a column-switching technique. both sample extraction on a lichrocart pre-column and elution onto the analytical lichrospher column, were performed automatically and concomitantly using conventional hplc equipment in conjunction with an osp-2 on-line sample preparator from merck combined with uv detection. recoveries were found to be 96.7 and 96.4% for 2 micrograms/ml bupivacaine and etidocaine, respectively. lower limits of quantification were found to be 0.05 microgram/ml plasma for both of the compounds.
carbon storage dynamics in peatlands: comparing recent- and long-term accumulation histories in southern patagonia.
a 46-year-old man had a cystic mass on the right side of his scalp. histological examination revealed a cystic dermal nodule composed of relatively circumscribed lobules of proliferating squamous epithelium, with atypical mitoses and dyskeratotic cells of invasive structure, which was diagnosed as proliferating tricholemmal cystic carcinoma (ptcc). most of the cyst was composed of thick layers of highly proliferating, atypical, dedifferentiated epithelium (dedifferentiated part), which was attached to a highly proliferative but mildly differentiated part. a completely differentiated, tricholemmal cyst (tc)-like part was also attached to the main cyst, which supports the idea of ptcc beginning in a pre-existing tc. the dedifferentiated and mildly differentiated parts exhibited a high frequency of proliferating cell nuclear antigen (pcna)-positive cells both in the basal and the suprabasal layers, while pcna staining was almost negative in the tc-like part. expression of cytokeratin (ck)10 and ck16 suggested disturbed epidermal differentiation in dedifferentiated part, while tc-like part showed well-differentiated trichilemmal epithelium and the mildly differentiated part was in the middle of these two.
mine. haptens activate toll-like receptors (tlrs) and activate innate immunity. the importance of hapten-mediated activation of innate immunity is highlighted by the clinical observation that the irri
c-reactive protein and other markers of inflammation in the prediction of cardiovascular disease in women . n. engl. j. med
growth of normal and malignant mouse mammary epithelial cells (mmec) on a biomatrix of substrate-attached material from 3t3-l1 preadipocytes was evaluated to devise culture conditions that are suitable for transformation studies but do not involve embedding cells in a gel. the biomatrix was prepared as described by levine and stockdale, and serum-free medium contained bovine serum albumin, insulin, progesterone, prolactin, and linoleic acid. each cell type produced a distinctive pattern of colony architecture in this culture system. cells from virgin mice (vmmec) usually formed elaborate, three-dimensional structures resembling ducts and alveoli; cells from pregnant mice (pmmec) grew as flat monolayers; and tumor cells grew in multilayered clusters. cell growth was monitored by an assay for succinate dehydrogenase. similar growth rates were found through day 8 in cultures of vmmec and d2 carcinoma cells. growth of vmmec slowed thereafter, whereas tumor cells typically continued growing through day 14 to 18. increase in cell number during 18 days in culture was 3-, 7-, 9-, and 11-fold for cells from pregnant and virgin mice, balb/cfc3h and d2 carcinomas, respectively. the percent cells in s phase on day 2 of culture was 9% for pmmec, 4 to 11% for balb/cfc3h tumor cells, 20% for vmmec, and 24% for d2 tumor cells. thus, this culture system promotes extended growth of mmec and offers several advantages over embedding cells in a collagen gel. it may therefore be applicable to in vitro transformation studies with mmec.
the burgeoning fields of in vivo three-dimensional (3d) microscopy and endomicroscopy, as well as ex vivo tissue cytometry have introduced new challenges for tissue preparation and staining with exogenous molecular contrast agents. these challenges include effective delivery of the agents, and once delivered, distinguishing between bound verses unbound molecular probes. if applied topically, there are additional issues with rinsing off unbound probe, which can be nonuniform and inefficient in thick tissues, thus leading to ambiguous contrast and a large nonspecific background that may obscure molecule-specific staining. therefore, we have developed a ratiometric 3d microscopy scheme that not only reduces the effects of nonspecific sources of contrast, but also enables quantification of the relative binding affinity of imaging probes to their biomarker targets. here we demonstrate this ratiometric approach by simultaneously imaging a her2/neu (erbb2)-targeted monoclonal antibody labeled with one fluorophore and an isotype-matched negative control antibody labeled with another fluorophore. by taking a pixel-by-pixel calibrated ratio between the signals from each fluorescent image channel, accurate quantification of specific versus nonspecific binding affinity is achieved with cultured cells, yielding data that are in agreement with analyses via flow cytometry. we also demonstrate quantitative 3d microscopic imaging of biomarker expression in tissue models and in thick human biopsy samples of normal, her2-negative, and her2-positive breast tumors. this strategy enables rapid, quantitative, and unambiguous volumetric microscopy of biomarker expression in thick tissues, including whole biopsies, and will enable real-time optical assessment of disease markers in the living body.
physician payment system (pps) is a principal incentive system to motivate doctors to provide excellent care for patients. during the past decade, physician remuneration in china has not been in proportional to physician's average work load and massive responsibilities. this paper reviewed the constitution of the pps in china, and further discussed the problems and issues to be addressed with respect to pay for performance. our study indicated that the lower basic salary and bonus distribution tied to "profits" was the major contributor to the physician's profit-driven incentive and the potential cause for the speedy growth of health expenditures. we recommend that government funding to hospitals should be increased to fully cover physicians' basic salary, a flexible human resource and talent management mechanism needs to be established that severs personal interest between physicians and hospitals, and modern performance assessment and multiplexed payment systems should be piloted to encourage physicians to get the more legitimate compensation.
a comparison of three (67/68)ga-labelled exendin-4 derivatives for β-cell imaging on the glp-1 receptor: the influence of the conjugation site of nodaga as chelator.
surgical planning and evaluation of implanting a penetrating cochlear nerve implant in human temporal bones using microcomputed tomography.
nsungwa-sabiiti j tomson g pariyo g ogwal-okeng j peterson s  community effectiveness of malaria treatment in uganda – a long way to abuja targets ann trop paediatr 2005 25 91 100 15949197 10.1179/146532805x45683
early changes in parathyroid hormone response and proteoglycan synthesis of chick embryonic femur produced by exposure to 6-aminonicotinamide in ovo.
[endoscopic-radiologic diagnosis and therapy of the bile ducts. results of endoscopic papillotomy].
in 2019, the fda approved brexanolone, a synthetic analog of the neurosteroid allopregnanolone, for use intravenously in postpartum depression.
[scientific statement on using of renin angiotensin system blockers in patients with cardiovascular disease and covid-19].
survival. the mn-sod content of carcinomas was found to be significantty higher than that of normal mucosa, whereas there was no
abnormal size and ratio of the r and s waves in lead avr: r wave in avr >3 mm; r to s ratio in avr >0.7 (see 'cardiac toxicity' above and 'electrocardiogram' above)●
10.1371/journal.pone.0210197.g002fig 2 fatty acyl desaturase 2a (delta-6) (fads2a(d6)) protein levels in liver samples.
[30th anniversary of the institute of general and comparative pathology of the bulgarian academy of sciences and the 80th anniversary of the birth of its founder ksenofont andreev ivanov].
msnp1as was discovered as the functional element revealed by an asd genome-wide association study [9]. the allele frequencies of the chromosome 5p14.1 genetic variants with genome-wide significant association are high: greater than half the population carries at least one copy of the risk allele [7]. it is unclear whether individuals who are homozygous for the rs4307059 risk allele are at higher risk for asd than those heterozygous at rs4307059. however, the expression of msnp1as is increased in the postmortem temporal cortex of individuals who are homozygous for rs4307059 compared to individuals who are heterozygous for rs4307059 [9]. it is striking that the biological functions of this asd-associated lncrna—protein synthesis and chromatin organization—are matched closely to the biological functions revealed by genes with rare de novo mutations associated with asd [26,27]. these results suggest that both common and rare asd-associated variants converge upon the common molecular pathways. further, the chromosome 5p14.1 genetic marker with the most significant association (rs4307059 with asd association p = 10−10) also contributes to altered social communication in a general population sample [8]. together, these data suggest common molecular pathways that contribute to social communication that involve protein translation and chromatin organization.
42. patil r.  das s.  stanley a.  yadav l.  sudhakar a.  varma a.k.   optimized hydrophobic interactions and hydrogen bonding at the target-ligand interface leads the pathways of drug-designing plos one 2010 5 e12029 10.1371/journal.pone.0012029 20808434
merighi a. bardoni r. salio c. lossi l. ferrini f. prandini m.  . (2008 ). presynaptic functional trkb receptors mediate the release of excitatory neurotransmitters from primary afferent terminals in lamina ii (substantia gelatinosa) of postnatal rat spinal cord . dev. neurobiol.
patients with hyponatremia due to unimpaired urine dilution include those with primary polydipsia due to psychosis and in those with a low dietary solute intake (ie, a "tea and toast diet" or "beer potomania"). (see 'unimpaired urine dilution' above.)•
isolated sphenoid sinusitis is an uncommon but potentially catastrophic infectious disease. the authors present 12 patients with acute, isolated sphenoid sinusitis and describe their presenting features and clinical courses. all patients experienced headache, facial pain, or both. fever and leukocytosis were uncommon. plain sinus radiographs and cranial computerized tomography scan were diagnostic. all patients were treated with antibiotics and recovered without infectious or neurological complications.
we found that global health status significantly correlates with ebv dna. high pretreatment ebv dna level always associates with large tumor or multiple lymph nodes which represents advanced stage. patients with advanced stage represents poor quality of life scores. this may be the possible explanation for global health status significantly correlates with ebv dna. in addition, pretreatment appetite loss was significantly correlated with ebv dna. we found that pretreatment teeth, opening mouth, feeding tube was significantly correlated with ebv dna. this is the first time that the correlation between quality of life and ebv dna is reported. the exact mechanism remains unknown. more studies about the correlation between quality of life and ebv dna is expected to do in the future.
dinstein i. hasson u. rubin n. heeger d. j.   (2007 ). brain areas selective for both observed and executed movements.
after several seconds of adaptation to a visual array of randomly oriented gabor patterns, observers can detect and localise a change in the orientation of one of these gabors, even when the change is preceded by a blank inter-stimulus interval. previously, we reported that the ability to detect this changed element was unaffected by distracting observers' attention away from the adapting stimuli by making them look for rare conjunctions of shape and colour at the central fixation point. that finding is replicated in the current paper, and augmented by a demonstration of the attentionally demanding nature of the conjunction search: it significantly impairs discrimination between adapting arrays in which either many or few items briefly lose contrast. consequently, we can be certain of adaptation's immunity to the withdrawal of attention, when assessed objectively (i.e. with a performance-based metric).
high arctic polynyas are predictable areas of open water, which offer long-distance migrant seabirds a reliable source of food during a period when they have to replenish and accumulate energy for reproduction. investigating the interaction between species nesting sympatrically in the vicinity of polynyas should provide insights into the role that such oceanographic features play for pre-breeding seabirds. we used stable isotopes (δ
treatment outcome research with children and adolescents has progressed to such an extent that numerous handbooks have been devoted to reviewing and summarizing the evidence base. ensuring that consumers of these advancements in state-of-the-field interventions have the opportunity to access, engage in, and benefit from this evidence base, however, has been wrought with challenge. as such, much discussion exists about innovative strategies for overcoming the gap between research and practice; yet no other potential solution that has received more attention in both the popular and academic press than technology. the promise of technology is not surprising given the fast-paced evolution in development and, in turn, a seemingly endless range of possibilities for novel service delivery platforms. yet this is precisely the most formidable challenge threatening to upset the very promise of this potential solution: the rate of emerging technologies is far outpacing the field's capacity to demonstrate the conceptual or empirical benefits of such an approach. accordingly, this article aims to provide a series of recommendations that better situate empirical enquiry at the core of a collaborative development, testing, and deployment process that must define this line of work if the promise of mental health technologies is going to be a reality for front-line clinicians and the clients they serve.
correlation of molecular orientation and packing density in a dsdna self-assembled monolayer observable with surface-enhanced raman spectroscopy.
21 arhin a . promising start, but bleak future? progress of ghana's national health insurance schemes towards universal health coverage . developing country studies
most prolactin-secreting pituitary adenomas demonstrate slow growth and are effectively managed with medical/surgical therapy. rarely, these tumors can behave aggressively with rapid growth and invasion of local tissues, and are refractory to medical, surgical, or radio-surgical therapies. we report a case of a prolactin-secreting adenoma in a young woman, which became progressively aggressive and refractory to usual treatment modalities, but responded to treatment with the chemotherapeutic agent temozolomide. in addition, we review the literature for treatment of refractory adenomas with temozolomide. the clinical and pathologic characteristics of aggressive prolactin-secreting adenomas are reviewed, as well as their response to dopamine agonists, surgery, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy.
28. smith m.r.  schirtzinger e.e.  wilson w.c.  davis a.s.   rift valley fever virus: propagation, quantification, and storage curr. protoc. microbiol. 2019 55 e92 10.1002/cpmc.92 31763765
the extracellular production of singlet oxygen (o2(1 delta g)) by stimulated macrophages was measured using a modification of our quantitative method initially developed to measure the intracellular production of o2(1 delta g) by neutrophils (steinbeck, m. j., khan, a. u., and karnovsky, m. j. (1992) j. biol. chem. 267, 13425-13433). glass coverslips were coated with the specific chemical trap for o2(1 delta g), 9,10-diphenylanthracene (dpa) and perylene, which is an internal standard, in a methylene chloride solution containing 0.3 mg/ml polystyrene. on evaporation, the polystyrene formed an even coating of dpa and perylene over the surface of a glass coverslip (pdp film). unstimulated macrophages or macrophages stimulated with 4 beta-phorbol 12-myristate 13-acetate (pma) or formyl-methionyl-leucyl-phenylalanine (fmlp) were then added to the pdp film in a darkened room and incubated at 37 degrees c for 30 min in a humidified 5% co2 atmosphere. both unstimulated and stimulated cells adhered to the pdp film in approximately equivalent numbers. only stimulated cells produced measurable amounts of o2(1 delta g) in a dose-dependent response to either pma or fmlp. the production of o2(1 delta g) by macrophages stimulated with pma was maximal in response to 25 ng, 17.8 +/- 1.3 nmol of o2(1 delta g)/approximately 1.00 x 10(6) cells. the maximal response for fmlp was at a concentration of 1 microm, 18.4 +/- 1.0 nmol of o2(1 delta g)/approximately 1.00 x 10(6) cells. the specific detection of o2(1 delta g) by this method was confirmed by thermally releasing o2(1 delta g) from the dpa-o2(1 delta g) reaction product, dpa-endoperoxide, regenerating the original dpa compound. production of o2(1 delta g) by the stimulated cells was inhibited 80-89% by the addition of 60-120 micrograms of superoxide dismutase, an enzyme that converts superoxide to hydrogen peroxide and ground state molecular oxygen or 79-84% with the addition of 2 mm histidine, an avid quencher of o2(1 delta g). neither of these additions interfered with adhesion of the cells to the pdp film. the ability of superoxide dismutase to inhibit the production of o2(1 delta g) suggested that o2(1 delta g) was produced via a superoxide-dependent route. the ability of an oxidase to produce o2(1 delta g) secondary to superoxide production was substantiated further using a xanthine oxidase-acetaldehyde system. purified xanthine oxidase produced both superoxide and o2(1 delta g), and their production was inhibited by the addition of superoxide dismutase.(abstract truncated at 400 words)
light and electron microscopic studies on the localization of hyaluronic acid in developing rat cerebellum.
a 19-year-old male with diarrhea, abdominal pain, fever, and elevated c-reactive protein (crp) levels was admitted to our hospital. endoscopic examination and small intestinal contrast radiography revealed multiple longitudinal ulcers in the large intestine and ileum. a specimen biopsied from one of these ulcers revealed non-caseating epithelioid cell granuloma. he also had a draining anal fistula. plain chest computed tomography (ct) and abdominal contrast-enhanced ct did not reveal any vascular abnormality. a diagnosis of crohn's disease was made, and infliximab was administered. following infliximab administration, the diarrhea and abdominal pain disappeared, longitudinal ulcers in the large intestine healed (as evidenced by endoscopic examination), and his anal lesion improved. however, fever and elevated crp levels persisted. with the concomitant use of prednisolone, the fever and elevation of crp levels eventually improved, and the patient was discharged. both, however, recurred as the patient was weaned off prednisolone treatment; consequently, he was re-hospitalized. contrast-enhanced ct upon re-admission revealed stenoses of the right renal artery, left common carotid artery, and left subclavian artery. in addition to crohn's disease, the patient was diagnosed with co-existing takayasu's arteritis.
from laughter to cries, the human experience is characterised by a plethora of emotional vocalisations of varying affective prosody that serve to convey a wealth of information [1,2]. classical theories of emotions are founded on the belief that vocalisations relay discrete universally recognised emotions [3,4]. cries are commonly thought to automatically invoke sadness, and laughter to excite joy [5]. however, the realisation that vocalisations rarely occur in a social void has led to an emerging understanding of how contexts moderate the interpretation of emotional vocalisations. indeed, context serves as a framing backdrop against which we derive situationally relevant meaning from our sensory experiences [6].
chorea-acanthocytosis (chac, also called choreoacanthocytosis), is a rare hereditary disease caused by a mutation in a gene that directs structural proteins in red blood cells.
k.p.a., t.l., and p.m. designed the study. k.p.a. and h.k. assembled the test data and performed the computer calculations. k.p.a. performed the comparative k-nearest-neighbor search analysis. h.k. and p.m. performed the dimensionality reduction analysis. k.p.a. implemented the frontend of the user-friendly comet-universe web server application and integrated the k-nearest-neighbor search and 2d metagenome representation. k.p.a., t.l., and p.m. wrote the manuscript. all authors read and approved the final version of the manuscript.
in this work, scattering of an incident electric field from a moving atom is reexamined classically in two steps: the time-dependent current density created by the field inside the atom is first calculated under the electric-dipole approximation, and is then used to calculate the field scattered from the atom. unlike the conventional frame-hopping method, the present method does not need to treat the doppler effect as an effect separated from the scattering process, and it derives instead of simply uses the doppler effect.
a phase i study of ontuxizumab, a humanized monoclonal antibody targeting endosialin, in japanese patients with solid tumors.
ent of the product and not labeled as fragrance. individuals allergic to fragrances should use fragrance-free products. unfortunately, the exact chemicals responsible for a fragrance in a product are
data from the women and their children’s health (watch) cohort were used, which followed mother–child pairs during gestation (19, 24, 30 and 36 weeks gestation) and the postnatal period (three monthly intervals during the first year after birth and then annually until age four years) [39, 40]. women who were less than 18 weeks pregnant, lived in the local region and able to attend scheduled study visits at john hunter hospital (jhh), new south wales (nsw), australia were eligible to participate. pregnant women were recruited between july 2006 to december 2008 by research midwives at jhh antenatal clinic, local media coverage or word of mouth. from all the pregnant women who were invited to participate, 61% provided their consent and 181 women were enrolled in the study [40]. the majority of the watch sample (n = 133, 74% of sample) were retained at the two year postnatal study visit, however participants did not consistently attended all study visits [39, 41]. the watch study received ethics approval from the hunter new england research ethics committee (06/05/24/5.06) and all participants gave written informed consent.
in 104 patients with breast cancer, carcinoembryonic antigen (cea), placental alkaline phosphatase (plap) and the carbohydrate antigen ca-50 were analysed in serum. excretion of the modified nucleoside, pseudouridine, was analysed in urine. the patients were subdivided in three different clinical stages according to disease manifestations. levels of cea and pseudouridine correlated to clinical stage and 58 per cent of the patients with distant metastases had elevated levels of cea, compared with 36 per cent for pseudouridine. for plap and ca-50, the levels did not show any clear correlation to clinical stage. increased activity of plap correlated strongly to tobacco smoking. a decrease in the level of cea was observed following radical mastectomy. increase in cea levels predicted relapse in 5 out of 14 patients within about 3 to 6 months. in patients with tumor manifestations, elevated cea levels predicted an inferior prognosis compared to those with ordinary levels.
concussion office based rehabilitation assessment: a novel clinical tool for concussion assessment and management.
from shrna data, we show that knockdown of these genes has an impact on cancer cell growth. we speculate that tumor cells adapt unusual ploidies to take advantage of amplifications and deletions that functionally implicate only subsets of genes. these tumor cells may compensate for the dosage of a large number of “passenger” genes. this may be a vulnerability that could be used for cancer therapy, for example by de-repressing mrna and/or protein production from these passenger genes. this may leave the tumor cell with potentially catastrophic levels of unneeded molecules or disrupted biological pathways.
the present study investigated possible differences and relationships between the performances of dominant and non-dominant uls on daily life, goal-directed activities of patients with dmd/bmd with normative data of healthy controls. the clinical heterogeneity of our sample was expected. we believe this phenotypic variability is important to represent the whole spectrum of ul dysfunctions observed in dmd/dmb forms and stages.
is the probable spillage of the lung surfactant dipalmitoylphosphatidylcholine the ultimate source of diabetes type 1?
east african immigrants to scandinavia are admitted to mental hospitals far more frequently than native scandinavians. most of these patients are admitted for psychosis, commonly ascribed to problems adapting to the new culture. however, psychosis is also known to be associated with hyperthyroidism, and the high frequency of psychosis among east africans in scandinavia may at least in part be due to hyperthyroidism rather than cultural problems. large areas in east africa are notorious for high natural concentrations of fluoride in water and plants. fluoride inhibits the production of thyroid hormones. to maintain normal thyroxin levels the body increases the capacity for thyroxin production. goitre is caused by such a compensatory mechanism, and endemic goitre is widespread in many high-fluoride areas, even where dietary access to iodine is adequate. when people from such areas arrive in a low-fluoride area, their elevated capacity to produce thyroid hormones may lead to hyperthyroidism and subsequently to psychosis.
based on the analysis of rectangular periodic structures, the resonance frequency band is found to be shifted and broadened from low frequency to high frequency by adjustment of the corresponding structure size. computer simulation shows that a miniature split-ring resonator can enhance and broaden resonance frequency without changing the stop-band location. according to the theoretical parameters, different experimental samples can be fabricated. the experimental results are generally the same as those predicted theoretically. a comparison of the experimental and theoretical results concluded that a miniature periodic structure broadened the frequency of the stop band and enhanced the resonance frequency, which are important for the study of left-handed materials.
the introduction of prescription opioids with abuse-deterrent (ad) properties to the marketplace has created a need for new testing methodologies to evaluate the performance of potentially abuse-deterrent opioid products. drug abusers may attempt to chew solid oral extended-release (er) opioids prior to ingestion to bypass the er mechanism of the formulation to achieve euphoria. in the present study, a chewing apparatus was utilized to develop an in vitro chewing method for hysingla er tablets, a prescription opioid with labeling describing abuse deterrence via the oral route when chewed. simulated chewing of hysingla resulted in initially faster drug release during chewing while subsequent dissolution testing demonstrated that the masticated tablets still maintained er properties. the degree of mastication and corresponding drug release were influenced by the compression gap and the resulting chewing forces. simulated chewing followed by dissolution testing with different strengths of hysingla indicated similar ad performance across strengths. by contrast, an opioid product with labeling that does not describe abuse-deterrent properties showed lower resistance to chewing resulting in higher drug release. the results of the present study suggest that the chewing methodology evaluated in this work may provide a useful in vitro tool for the comparative evaluation of ad properties.
proline derivatives in fruits of bergamot (citrus bergamia risso et poit): presence of n-methyl-l-proline and 4-hydroxy-l-prolinebetaine.
modeling and optimization of photocatalytic decolorization of binary dye solution using graphite electrode modified with graphene oxide and tio
58. duce j.a.  wong b.x.  durham h.  devedjian j.c.  smith d.p.  devos d.   post translational changes to alpha-synuclein control iron and dopamine trafficking; a concept for neuron vulnerability in parkinson’s disease mol. neurodegener. 2017 12 45 10.1186/s13024-017-0186-8 28592304
22. public healthcare expenditure statistics [estadística de gasto sanitario 2013. principales resultados]. madrid. ministry of health. 2013. available at: http://www.msssi.gob.es/estadestudios/estadisticas/docs/egsp2008/egspprincipalesresultados.pdf [accessed 2 feb 2018].
t-cell development is regulated by the coordinated function of proximal and distal lck promoters active at different developmental stages.
we present photoluminescence spectra and excited state decay rates of a series of diamondoids, which represent molecular structural analogues to hydrogen-passivated bulk diamond. specific isomers of the five smallest diamondoids (adamantane-pentamantane) have been brought into the gas phase and irradiated with synchrotron radiation. all investigated compounds show intrinsic photoluminescence in the ultraviolet spectral region. the emission spectra exhibit pronounced vibrational fine structure which is analyzed using quantum chemical calculations. we show that the geometrical relaxation of the first excited state of adamantane, exhibiting rydberg character, leads to the loss of td symmetry. the luminescence of adamantane is attributed to a transition from the delocalized first excited state into different vibrational modes of the electronic ground state. similar geometrical changes of the excited state structure have also been identified in the other investigated diamondoids. the excited state decay rates show a clear dependence on the size of the diamondoid, but are independent of the particle geometry, further indicating a loss of particle symmetry upon electronic excitation.
the encounter with different environmental antigens during immune maturation from childhood through early adulthood could play a role in the development of autoimmune disease in individuals with a susceptible genetic background. autologous haematopoietic stem cell transplantation (hsct) is an experimental treatment for autoimmunity that could offer a second possibility to correct for an aberrant immune reactivity. the premise is that eradication of the existing and pathogenic immune repertoire, in combination with the reinfusion of precursor cells, could reset the immunological clock to an earlier, latent phase of disease. re-education of the adaptive immune system would occur during the reconstitution of cells under extreme lymphopenia, in which the antigenic priming takes place with a different sequence and timing than during the previous immunological history of the individual, resulting in a different immune repertoire. in this article, we discuss different mechanisms that could contribute to the development of tolerance during immune re-education and address the role of immune renewal and the qualitative reshaping of immunological memory.
qu x. x. huang z. y. baskin j. m. baskin c. c.   (2007 ). effect of temperature, light and salinity on seed germination and radicle growth of the geographically widespread halophyte shrub halocnemum strobilaceum.
outcomes in vka-treated patients with atrial fibrillation and chronic kidney disease: clinical trials vs 'real-world'.
diabetes, hypertension and cardiovascular disease have been listed as risk factors for severe coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) since the first report of the disease in january 2020. however, this report did not mention chronic kidney disease (ckd) nor did it provide information on the relevance of estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) or albuminuria. as the disease spread across the globe, information on larger populations with greater granularity on risk factors emerged. the recently published opensafely project analysed factors associated with covid-19 death in 17 million patients. the picture that arose differs significantly from initial reports. for example, hypertension is not an independent risk factor for covid-19 death [adjusted hazard ratio (ahr) 0.89], but renal disease very much is. dialysis (ahr 3.69), organ transplantation (ahr 3.53) and ckd (ahr 2.52 for patients with egfr <30 ml/min/1.73 m2) represent three of the four comorbidities associated with the highest mortality risk from covid-19. the risk associated with ckd stages 4 and 5 is higher than the risk associated with diabetes mellitus (ahr range 1.31-1.95, depending upon glycaemic control) or chronic heart disease (ahr 1.17). in another recent publication, the global burden of disease collaboration identified that worldwide, ckd is the most prevalent risk factor for severe covid-19. moreover, the distribution of risk factors for covid-19 mortality appears to be different in patients with ckd when compared with the general population. the high prevalence of ckd in combination with the elevated risk of mortality from covid-19 in ckd necessitates urgent action for this group of patients. this article defines essential action points (summarized in box 1), among which is advocating the inclusion of ckd patients in clinical trials testing the efficacy of drugs and vaccines to prevent severe covid-19.
beaming phase: once the beaming set-up (hmd, polhemus fastrak head motion sensor) was completed, the subject had a 1 min habituation with the experimental condition by freely exploring the visual environment seen through the robot’s eyes. then, a mirror was placed at a 20 cm distance in front of the robot, with the subject hence seeing the robot’s face (robot head and shoulders visible) in place of his/her own face. in this facing-the-mirror situation, the subject was told to move the head in a guided or free exploration manner. guided exploration consisted of a 1 min guided sequence of 25 short head movements directed towards the mirror edges as verbally stated by the experimenter (e.g. upper left, lower right, middle left, etc.). the free exploration consisted of a 1 min sequence of free movements when the subject freely explored the reflections in the mirror, in particular the moving robot’s head. these phases alternated twice as detailed in fig. 4.
glaucoma is a leading cause of irreversible blindness worldwide. primary open-angle glaucoma, the most common type, is characterized by progressive degeneration of retinal ganglion cells and their axons in the optic nerve, resulting in progressive deterioration of visual fields. the optic nerve head is generally considered to be the primary site of axonal injury in glaucoma. although the pathophysiology of glaucomatous optic neuropathy is not well understood, elevated intraocular pressure is considered the most important modifiable risk factor. however, in normal-tension glaucoma, intraocular pressure is not elevated and thus other risk factors must also be involved in the optic neuropathy of primary open-angle glaucoma. several studies reported significantly lower intracranial pressure in patients with glaucoma compared with healthy subjects, suggesting that low intracranial pressure may result in a high pressure difference across the lamina cribrosa, influencing the physiology and pathophysiology of the optic nerve head by the effect of a mechanical force. moreover, a rapidly evolving literature suggests the existence of an 'ocular glymphatic system'. this opens up new ways to understand the mechanisms underlying a range of ocular diseases such as glaucoma. in the present paper, i hypothesize that an imbalance between intraocular pressure and intracranial pressure, apart from generating mechanical forces at the lamina cribrosa, may lead to a dangerous interplay between ocular fluid and cerebrospinal fluid resulting in impaired cerebrospinal fluid entry into the optic nerve subarachnoid space and optic nerve perivascular spaces, and the perivascular space surrounding the central retinal artery in particular, thereby inhibiting glymphatic clearance of waste products from the retrobulbar or retrolaminar portion of the optic nerve. should further research demonstrate that the proposed viewpoint is largely correct, it would hold great potential for our understanding of glaucomatous optic nerve damage and would have important implications for diagnosis and therapy of this devastating disorder.
dermatitis is more common in women than in men. this predominantly is a result of allergy to nickel, which is much more common in women than in men in most countries. allergic contact dermatitis may o
we report three brothers belonging to a consanguineous family and suffering from ataxia telangiectasia with severe early neurogenic amyotrophy. pathological examination of the brain and spinal cord in one of them showed purkinje cell loss with empty baskets and numerous axonal spheroids, dorsal column demyelination with astrocytic proliferation and severe anterior horn cell degeneration. we consider these pathological findings to be related to louis-bar disease. anterior horn cell changes may be one of the early pathological features in ataxia telangiectasia.
edicaments is more common in persons older than 70 years.  prognosis  the prognosis depends on how well the affected individual can avoid the offending allergen. individuals with allergic contact derm
the purpose of this study was to examine among college women acquired breast cancer prevention information-seeking, desired apps and texts, and information given to mothers. using a cross-sectional study, a survey was administered to college women at a southwestern university. college women (n = 546) used the internet (44 %) for active breast cancer prevention information-seeking and used the internet (74 %), magazines (69 %), and television (59 %) for passive information receipt. over half of the participants desired breast cancer prevention apps (54 %) and texts (51 %). logistic regression analyses revealed predictors for interest to receive apps were ethnicity (hispanic), lower self-efficacy, actively seeking online information, and older age and predictors for interest to receive texts were lower self-efficacy and higher university level. eighteen percent of college women (n = 99) reported giving information to mothers and reported in an open-ended item the types of information given to mothers. predictors for giving information to mothers were actively and passively seeking online information, breast self-exam practice, and higher university level. screenings were the most frequent types of information given to mothers. breast cancer prevention information using apps, texts, or internet and daughter-initiated information for mothers should be considered in health promotion targeting college students or young women in communities. future research is needed to examine the quality of apps, texts, and online information and cultural differences for breast cancer prevention sources.
many muscle-specific genes are regulated by transcriptional enhancer factor-1 (tef-1), serum response factor (srf), and myocyte enhancer factor-2 (mef2) transcription factors. tef-1 interacts with the mads domain of srf and together srf and tef-1 co-activate the skeletal alpha-actin promoter. mef2 factors also contain a mads domain with 50% amino acid identity to the srf mads domain. because of this sequence divergence, some srf co-factors do not interact with mef2. to demonstrate that tef-1 factors could also interact with mef2 through its mads domain, we used co-immunoprecipitation and gst pull-down assays in vitro and a mammalian two-hybrid assay in vivo. the mads domain was not sufficient for mef2 interaction with tef-1, because additional sequences in the activation domains of both proteins were required for in vivo association. the physiological significance of this interaction was also demonstrated by transient transfection assays using muscle-specific promoters. our results suggest that by their interaction with mef2 factors, tef-1 factors can control mef2-dependent muscle-specific gene expression.
32. morillas, h. et al. characterisation and diagnosis of the conservation state of cementitious materials exposed to the open air in xix century lighthouses located on the coast of the basque country: ‘the case of igueldo lighthouse, san sebastian, north of spain’, j. raman spectrosc.43, 1630–1636 (2012).
bilateral vertebral artery occlusion resulting from giant cell arteritis: report of 3 cases and review of the literature.
ynechocystis sp. pcc6803 expressing gfp‐tagged versions of its four ftsh proteases. the ftsh2–gfp strain was functional for psii repair under our conditions. confocal microscopy shows that ftsh1 is mainly in the cytoplasmic membrane, while the remaining ftsh proteins are in patches either in the thylakoid or at the interface between the thylakoid and cytoplasmic membranes. hl exposure which increases the activity of the photosystem ii repair cycle led to no detectable changes in ftsh distribution, with the ftsh2 protease involved in d1 degradation retaining its patchy distribution in the thylakoid membrane. we discuss the possibility that the ftsh2–gfp patches represent photosystem ii ‘repair zones’ within the thylakoid membranes, and the possible advantages of such functionally specialised membrane zones. anti‐gfp affinity pull‐downs provide the first indication of the composition of the putative repair zones.
although planarians are established model organisms in developmental biology and regeneration studies, in the last forty years or so, they have caught the attention of pharmacologists, especially to study the pharmacology of drugs of abuse. this review covers the following topics: some fundamentals of the history of animal models and planarians in biomedical research; an abbreviated story of systematic pharmacology research using planarians as a model organism; an example of how planarians are contributing to the search for compounds against acute cocaine toxicity; an analysis of the number of papers on planarians and pharmacological topics from 1900-2016; some perspectives on pharmacology in developmental and regeneration studies, arguing in favor of the planarian model as a leading subject for this interdisciplinary area of research, and finally some concluding thoughts.
molecular heterogeneity at the network level: high-dimensional testing, clustering and a tcga case study.
, including all known names of the chemical. web sites, smartphone applications, standard textbooks, and the true test kit contain basic information about the chemicals. susceptible individuals need t
[safety performance of rivaroxaban versus warfarin in patients with atrial fibrillation and advanced chro-nic kidney disease].
the platelet-activating factor (paf) is a molecule produced by several types of cells (monocytes, platelets, polynuclears, eosinophils and endothelial cells) and by different organs (lungs, heart, kidney). its action concerns many inflammatory phenomena such as allergy, cerebral, cardiac or renal ischemia. the discovery of specific antagonists helped us to understand the pathophysiological effects of paf in man. as paf is involved in the mechanism of proteinuria and many other nephropathies, the use of antagonists for the treatment of such disorders seems valuable.
4. kanneganti m  mino-kenudson m  mizoguchi e   animal models of colitis-associated carcinogenesis j biomed biotechnol. 2011 2011 342637 10.1155/2011/342637 21274454
a total of 73 families participated, including 73 parent-reports (children aged 5–14 years) and 47 child-reports (children aged 8–14 years) (table 1).table 1 sample characteristics of the participating families
adsorptive removal of fluoride from aqueous solution using orange waste loaded with multi-valent metal ions.
routine tests such as a complete blood count and liver function tests should be considered if a multisystem disease is suspected based upon the history and physical examination.●
intoxications with ferrous compounds are uncommon but ferrous sulphate is most frequently involved. ferrous fumarate is less toxic than ferrous sulphate. two cases of ferrous fumarate poisoning that resulted in digestive mucosal lesions are reported.
recipient hepatic vein as an autologous vascular graft for hepatic vein reconstruction in living donor liver transplantation.
27. chan wp  lang p  stevens mp  sack k  majumdar s  stoller dw    osteoarthritis of the knee: comparison of radiography, ct, and mr imaging to assess extent and severity ajr am j roentgenol. 1991 157 799 806 10.2214/ajr.157.4.1892040 1892040
the ability to organize sperm dna into functional chromatin is acquired during meiotic maturation in murine oocytes.
orr was the primary outcome, and cbr and quality of life (evaluated by kps, an improvement was considered when the patient's kps rose by more than 10 points) were the secondary outcomes. we used fixed-effect models to analyse them. the statistics showed that all three indicators (orr, cbr, and kps) were better in the tcmi combined with the chemotherapy group than in the chemotherapy alone group. in terms of the differences among the three tcmis, kanglaite injection tended to be better than the other two in terms of the primary outcome, but it did not show a significant difference (figures 4 and 5).
in addition to its ar antagonistic activity and suppression of gonadal sex-hormone production, high-dose cpa has been found to suppress the levels of the adrenal androgen dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate (dhea-s), which is due to exertion of negative feedback by cpa on adrenocorticotropic hormone (acth) secretion via the glucocorticoid activity of cpa.
discrepant inr values: a comparison between manchester and thrombotest reagents using capillary and venous samples.
the myosin 3ko mutant has many described phenotypes, as indicated on the spokes of the wheel (though not all phenotypes are depicted). it is tempting to speculate about causal relationships between these phenotypes, though this depiction emphasizes that we should initially view the different phenotypes presented by a given mutant as independent. however, one speculative interaction is indicated by the arrow.
effects of ethanol on basal and adenosine-induced increases in beta-endorphin release and intracellular camp levels in hypothalamic cells.
one of the current limitations of gene transfer protocols involving mammalian genomes is the lack of spatial and temporal control over the desired gene manipulation. starting from a human keratin gene showing a complex regulation as a template, we identified regulatory sequences that confer inducible gene expression in a subpopulation of keratinocytes in stratified epithelia of adult transgenic mice. we used this cassette to produce transgenic mice with an inducible skin blistering phenotype mimicking a form of epidermolytic hyperkeratosis, a keratin gene disorder. upon induction by topical application of a phorbol ester, the mutant keratin transgene product accumulates in the differentiating layers of epidermis, leading to keratinocyte lysis after application of mechanical trauma. this mouse model will allow for a better understanding of the complex relationship between keratin mutation, keratinocyte cytoarchitecture, and hypersensitivity to trauma. the development of an inducible expression vector showing an exquisite cellular specificity has important implications for manipulating genes in a spatially and temporally controlled fashion in transgenic mice, and for the design of gene therapy strategies using skin as a tissue source for the controlled delivery of foreign substances.
the expansile nature of the accumulating mucin. areas of high attenuation are found within the expanded paranasal sinuses in all patients. similar radiographic findings can be caused by rare osteoid/c
the results from this meta-analysis revealed that sjzt showed significant improvement in global ibs symptoms (rr = 1.61), bss score (smd = –0.67), and abdominal pain (rr = 4.34) compared with placebo. no evidence of publication bias was found. furthermore, the number of patients reporting adverse events of sjzt was similar to that of placebo.
6. wang y.q.  zu j.w.   nonlinear dynamic thermoelastic response of rectangular fgm plates with longitudinal velocity compos. part b eng. 2017 117 74 88 10.1016/j.compositesb.2017.02.037
for ngs studies, amplicons were generated in two separate pcr reactions to yield approximately 1 μg of purified cdna which encoded the denv1 or denv2 e-gene. reverse transcription pcr (rt-pcr) primers (dv2ngc-forward tggatgtcatcagaaggggcctggaaacatgccc; dv2ngc-reverse cggattccacaaatgccctcttcatgagctttctgg) and subsequent nested pcr primers (dv2nestforward-ccagagaattgaaacttggatcttgagacatccaggc; dv2nestreverse gagctttctggatagctgaagctagctttgaagggg) were designed in such a way that the entire denv e-gene would be contained within the amplicon with additional 5’ and 3’ viral genome sequence to ensure full e-gene coverage with ngs. the rt-pcr was performed using a fresh aliquot of rna using the superscript iii one-step rt-pcr system with platinum taq dna polymerase (life technologies cat# 12574–026). a secondary nested pcr was set up using the purified rt-pcr product as the template for each reaction. ngs was performed by genewiz on the illumina miseq platform using a 2 x 150 bp paired end configuration. sample data sets were mined and aligned against reference sequences from sanger sequencing data generated using denv1 and denv2 reference strains. ngs data was manually curated to identify residues with changes with ≥ 5% prevalence when compared to the isotype control samples for a given experiment.
as introduced by different studies, dental plaque is known as a reservoir of helicobacter pylori (hp) and a potential source for gastric re-infection. also, it has been demonstrated that individuals with gastric hp infection manifest a greater plaque index and a higher incidence rate for gingivitis. the goal of the present research was survey of severity and prevalence of periodontal diseases associated with gastric hp infection among patients having referred to the endoscopy wards of imam khomeini and milad hospitals. in this research, 122 patients with gastric hp infection were investigated for determining 4 indices: plaque index (pi), gingival index (gi), clinical attachment loss (cal) and pocket depth (pd), for all existing teeth, using rut (rapid urease test). the results indicated that about 86.9% of patients had developed gingivitis of various degrees and 100% of them were afflicted with periodontitis of different degrees, and about 64.8% of patients showed a weak pi, and 61.5% had a low level of education. this low-level education seen in majority of the studied subjects, addresses a high degree of importance and influence of the oral hygiene in gastric hp infections. hence, gastroentrologists are required to refer patients to dentists in line of preserving oral and dental health.
az urológiában a minimálinvazív laparoszkópos sebészet a posztoperatív morbiditás terén mutatott elõnyei miatt számos hagyományos, nyitott eljárás helyébe lépett. alkalmazása tanulást igényel, egyben technikai kihívást is jelent, így csupán a magasan képzett sebészek munkájára korlátozódik. a da vinci sebészeti rendszer jelentõs technikai elõnyt kínál a laparoszkópos sebészeti eljáráshoz képest. a robotasszisztált radikális prostatectomia széles körben történõ elfogadása tette lehetõvé az urológusok számára más, komplexebb mûtétek elvégzését, szignifikánsan csökkentve a mûtéti morbiditást. cikkünk célja a robotsebészet történetének áttekintése, valamint a rák kezelésében betöltött jelenlegi és jövõbeni szerepének ismertetése. közleményünkben a radikális prostatectomián keresztül mutatjuk be a robotasszisztált technikát és eredményeit.
se has made use of various combinations of antifungal medications, corticosteroids, and immunotherapy, with varying degrees of disease control. the invariable components of combination therapy still a
faceting is a form of self-assembly of single-crystal surfaces at the nanometer-scale in which an initially planar surface converts to a 'hill-and-valley' structure, exposing new faces of low-index surfaces. our recent studies revealed that, upon annealing in o(2), three-sided nanoscale pyramids form on ir(210) exposing smooth {311} and partially restructured (110) faces. through a combination of scanning tunneling microscopy and density functional theory, we identify this structure to be a stepped double-missing-row reconstruction, which is only stable on nanopyramidal facets, not on a planar ir(110) surface. this faceting-enabled stabilization of a hitherto unstable surface points to a new approach to prepare nanoscale model catalysts for structure-sensitivity studies in heterogeneous (electro-)catalysis with high selectivity and reactivity.
nanostructured iron (iii) compounds are promising candidates for iron fortification applications due to their good solubility, bioavailability, and redox inertia. the current study synthesized ferric oxyhydroxide nanoparticles (feonps) based on chondroitin sulfate (chs) and its nanocomposites with protamine sulfate (ps) or chitosan (cs) in neutral aqueous solution under ambient conditions, and evaluated their iron availability to polarized human intestinal epithelial (caco-2) cells. ultraviolet-visible spectroscopy, dynamic light scattering, transmission electron microscopy and energy-dispersive x-ray spectroscopy showed that chs-feonps were wave-like anionic particles where feonps attached on the polysaccharide chains and ps/chs-feonps and cs/chs-feonps were irregular anionic nanoparticles where feonps scattered across the entire region. the calcein-fluorescence-quenching assay in polarized caco-2 cells showed good iron uptake from chs-feonps, ps/chs-feonps and cs/chs-feonps mainly via endocytosis, with the latter two exhibiting better iron absorption. overall, our study provides a more facile and greener alternative route to synthesize the bioavailable nano-sized iron.
strain field due to substitutional transition-metal impurities in bcc metals: application to dilute vanadium alloys.
microrna-140's inhibition on the cell migration and invasion of non-small cell lung cancer by down-regulating smad3 expression.
(2011 ). the behavioral immune system (and why it matters) . current directions in psychological science , 20 (2 ), 99 –103 .
although it has often been observed that chronic pain and depression are associated, there have been few systematic comparisons of chronic pain patients with and without depression. in the study reported in this article, depressed and non-depressed chronic pain patients were found to be quite similar with respect to demographic, pain-related, and treatment response variables. the primary aim of the study, however, was to examine the hypothesis that treatment response in these two groups of patients would be predicted by different patterns of variables. in non-depressed patients, beneficial response to treatment was related to a greater number of treatment visits, not receiving workmen's compensation, fewer previous types of treatment, and low back pain. as predicted, a different pattern of predictors of treatment response was found for the depressed patients, who were more likely to benefit when they were employed at the beginning of treatment and when their pain was of shorter duration. these results suggest that activity and active involvement in treatment are particularly important with chronic pain patients who are depressed. in addition, they suggest that the best prediction of treatment response in future research on chronic pain patients may be achieved by dividing patients into groups based on psychological characteristics.
single-port versus multi-port cholecystectomy for patients with acute cholecystitis: a retrospective comparative analysis.
prognostic value of pre- and postoperative serum ca 125 levels in ovarian cancer: new aspects and multivariate analysis.
in shigellosis caused by sh. sonnei and sh. flexneri the epidemic process was found to have considerable difference in the tendencies and pace of its development. shigellosis which dominated in the etiological structure at the period following 1966 was dysentery caused by sh. sonnei; it showed the tendency towards a decrease in morbidity rate. dysentery caused by sh. flexneri was second in respect to the frequency of its occurrence after 1966 and showed the tendency towards increase. the simultaneous circulation of sh. sonnei and sh. flexneri, the differences in the epidemiology of these types of shigellosis make it imperative that they be studied separately, taking into ccount their etiological selectivity to the main routes of transmitting the infection.
49. boccaletti s  ivanchenko m  latora v  pluchino a  rapisarda a   detecting complex network modularity by dynamical clustering phys. rev. e 2007 75 045102 10.1103/physreve.75.045102
1. the effect of adding low-level (2.7 cmh2o 1(-1) s) external respiratory resistive loads on exercise-induced breathlessness has been examined in naive normal subjects; the intensity of this loading was chosen to simulate that confronting an asthmatic subject during exercise. 2. each of 18 subjects performed two separate tests in which workload was oscillated while the respiratory loading was changed every minute between no loading, inspiratory loading only, and inspiratory plus expiratory loading. each loading condition was given three times, and both these changes and those in workload were unpredictable as far as the subject was concerned. 3. the purpose was to 'confuse' subjects and obtain subjective estimates of their intensity of breathlessness independent of any expectation associated solely with the readily perceptible changes in external resistances to breathing. the study design was balanced for the group as a whole, both in terms of workload and respiratory loading condition. 4. the addition of these respiratory resistive loads during exercise did not result in a significant increase in the intensity of breathlessness. 5. estimates of the rate of work of breathing revealed that this increased more with respiratory loading than it did as ventilation rose throughout the test; on the other hand, the intensity of breathlessness increased by a greater extent with continued exercise compared with the changes accompanying the addition of respiratory loads. 6. it is concluded that the intensity of the sensation of breathlessness experienced by normal subjects during exercise is not simple a reflection of an increased rate of work of breathing being performed by the respiratory muscles.(abstract truncated at 250 words)
patients should be advised that the rash may persist for two to three months; no follow-up is necessary as long as it resolves within this time. new lesions may occur during this period but should disappear spontaneously. relapse after resolution is uncommon [3].pregnancy
specifically, dna polymerase slips, creating a temporary insertion-deletion loop, which is usually recognized by mmr proteins.
condensed tannins in grain sorghum: isolation, fractionation, and characterization . j agric food chem . 23 :909 –914 .1159193
the structure of intersession experience in psychotherapy and its relation to the therapeutic alliance.
mechanism of dialkyl phthalates removal from aqueous solution using γ-cyclodextrin and starch based polyurethane polymer adsorbents.
a root dentin single-section model was developed to compare the efficacy of different fluoride treatments on the remineralization of lesions. shallow ( approximately 170 microm) and deep ( approximately 400 microm) lesions were produced in acetic acid buffer solutions (ph 5.0) with 0.1- and 0.5-ppm fluoride for 3 days and 2 weeks, respectively. next, the sections were ph-cycled for 4 weeks. following the ph cycling, all sections were first remineralized for 5 weeks, then subjected to 10 days of demineralization. the treatments were (1) no treatment (control), (2) daily 1,450-ppm naf toothpaste, (3) weekly 4,000-ppm fluoride solution, (4) a combination of treatments 2 and 3. in the shallow lesions, the 4,000-ppm fluoride solution and the combination treatment enhanced mineral deposition at the lesion front, producing a second, slightly hyperremineralized layer. similarly, in the deep lesions a second remineralized layer was detected. in all lesions, the fluoride solution treatment showed significantly more remineralization compared to the control and the toothpaste treatment (p<0.05), most of which was formed during the ph cycling. in the demineralization period, the control showed significantly higher mineral loss than all other treatments. these results indicate that a 4,000-ppm fluoride solution might be effective for remineralization of root dentin lesions even over 400 microm depth.
diagnosis. on the basis of the analysis of 15 cases, 5 common characteristics were observed, including gell and coombs type i (ige-mediated) hypersensitivity to fungi, nasal polyposis, characteristic
dibenzo(a,e)pyrene—pah	− 0.06	− 0.22	0 (− 0.21 to − 0.02)	0 (− 0.89 to − 0.01)	0 (− 0.21 to − 0.02)	0 (− 0.89 to − 0.01)
on march 1, 2020, the first case of coronavirus disease 2019 (covid-19) was confirmed in new york, new york. since then, the city has emerged as an epicenter for the ongoing pandemic in the us. to meet the anticipated demand caused by the predicted surge of patients with covid-19, the department of surgery at newyork-presbyterian hospital/weill cornell medicine developed and executed an emergent restructuring of general surgery resident teams and educational infrastructure. the restructuring of surgical services described in this special communication details the methodology used to safely deploy the necessary amount of the resident workforce to support pandemic efforts while maintaining staffing for emergency surgical care, limiting unnecessary exposure of residents to infection risk, effectively placing residents in critical care units, and maintaining surgical education and board eligibility for the training program as a whole.
many empirical studies in the field of communication effects suffer from a variety of methodological problems (e.g., druckman, 2005). first, they either attempt to draw causal conclusions from cross-sectional data (for a critical discussion, see dilliplane, 2014) or lack concrete media content data and base their conclusions merely on media usage. the integrative design employed by the austrian national election study (autnes) overcomes these problems: it allows us to connect high-quality public opinion data (kritzinger et al., 2016a; kritzinger et al., 2016b) to the media content that respondents consume (eberl et al., 2016).
rotte c.  leustek t.   differential subcellular localization and expression of atp sulfurylase and 5′-adenylylsulfate reductase during ontogenesis of arabidopsis leaves indicates that cytosolic and plastid forms of atp sulfurylase may have specialized functions plant physiol. 124 2000 715 724 11027720
a new 21-aminosteroid antioxidant lacking glucocorticoid activity stimulates adrenocorticotropin secretion and blocks arachidonic acid release from mouse pituitary tumor (att-20) cells.
walker md webber pj arnold eh ebert-may d   (1994 ) effects of interannual climate variation on aboveground phytomass in alpine vegetation . ecology
the aberrant gain of dna methylation at cpg islands is frequently observed in colorectal tumours and may silence the expression of tumour suppressors such as mlh1. current models propose that these cpg islands are targeted by de novo dna methyltransferases in a sequence-specific manner, but this has not been tested. using ectopically integrated cpg islands, here we find that aberrantly methylated cpg islands are subject to low levels of de novo dna methylation activity in colorectal cancer cells. by delineating dna methyltransferase targets, we find that instead de novo dna methylation activity is targeted primarily to cpg islands marked by the histone modification h3k36me3, a mark associated with transcriptional elongation. these h3k36me3 marked cpg islands are heavily methylated in colorectal tumours and the normal colon suggesting that de novo dna methyltransferase activity at cpg islands in colorectal cancer is focused on similar targets to normal tissues and not greatly remodelled by tumourigenesis.
33 nilsen p  making sense of implementation theories, models and frameworks implement sci 2015 10 53 10.1186/s13012-015-0242-0 25895742
isosteric phosphonate analogs of et-16-ome. synthesis and biological evaluation of the enantiomers of 2'-(trimethylammonio)ethyl 4-(hexadecyloxy)-3-methoxybutanephosphonate and 2'-(trimethylammonio)ethyl 4-(hexadecylthio)-3-methoxybutanephosphonate.
embossed topographic depolarisation maps of biological tissues with different morphological structures.
29 remes j. j.  abou elseoud a.  ollila e.    on applicability of pca, voxel-wise variance normalization and dimensionality assumptions for sliding temporal window sica in resting-state fmri magnetic resonance imaging  2013 31 8 1338 1348 10.1016/j.mri.2013.06.002 2-s2.0-84883743899 23845397
drug discovery, in particular optimization of candidates using medicinal chemistry, is generally guided by structural biology. however, for optimizing binding kinetics, relevant for efficacy and off-target effects, information on protein motion is important. herein, we demonstrate for the prototypical textbook example of an allegedly "rigid protein" that substantial active-site dynamics have generally remained unrecognized, despite thousands of medicinal-chemistry studies on this model over decades. comparing cryogenic x-ray structures, solid-state nmr on micro-crystalline protein at room temperature, and solution nmr structure and dynamics, supported by md simulations, we show that under physiologically relevant conditions the pocket is in fact shaped by pronounced open/close conformational-exchange dynamics. the study, which is of general significance for pharmacological research, evinces a generic pitfall in drug discovery routines.
the ras/mitogen activated protein kinase (mapk) pathway has key importance in development, cell differentiation and senescence, tumorigenesis, learning and memory. the clinical manifestations associated with this highly conserved pathway are called rasopathies. phenotypic features are diverse and overlapping, but cognitive impairment is a common symptom. here, we propose an approach based on molecular networks that link learning, memory and forgetting to the rasopathies and various neurodegenerative and neurodevelopmental diseases such as alzheimer's disease, parkinson's disease and autism spectrum disorders. we demonstrate the cross-talks of the molecular pathways in rasopathies and memory and the role of compartmentalization in these processes. the approved drugs are also overviewed, and c. elegans is proposed as a viable model system for experimental exploration and compound target prediction.n.
leaded glass tubing was commonly used in the manufacture of neon signs, and many us lampworkers used it in making blown work.
cin reveals no fungal hyphae. allergy is not as constant a feature in this condition as it is in allergic fungal sinusitis (afs), but asthma is observed more frequently. ferguson has suggested that th
sevcikova h, rossini aj (2012) rlecuyer: r interface to rng with multiple streams. url http://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/rlecuyer/index.html, r package version 0.3
in our contemporary society, people are becoming more conscious about the importance of a good and balanced nutrition and adoption of a healthy life-style. at the same time, increasing epidemiological evidences have demonstrated that the consumption of sufficient amounts of cereal dietary fibres and phytochemicals could be beneficial against chronic and degenerative diseases [50,177].
lipid raft association of carboxypeptidase e is necessary for its function as a regulated secretory pathway sorting receptor.
although probably all of the literature reviews in this series (at least all in the last year had; [6–9]) are having new information on the role of ebv in malignant lymphoma, this one has more than average. cohen et al. [10] builds on recent data that ebv-mediated b cell transformation is not only achieved through the action of latent proteins, but that also lytic ebv replication has a certain pathogenic role in lymphomagenesis. they show by real-time quantitative pcr in a series of ebv+ dlbcl from argentina an unexpected number of cells that express the lytic transcripts bzlf1, bhrf1, and bllf1. this lytic antigen expression was confirmed by immunohistochemical staining for early lytic protein bmrf1. it is unclear why this does not result in tumor cell killing. sunagawa et al. [11] investigate ebv-encoded micrornas (mirnas) in two regions of its dna genome, bart and bhrf. they were able to amplify nine dna fragments encoding mir-barts and two coding mir-bhrf1s in 16 cases of ebv-associated lymphoma. an adenine-to-guanine mutation in the dna fragment encoding mir-bart2-3p was detected in four of the 16 cases, and a cytosine-to-thymidine mutation in the dna fragment encoding mir-bart11-3p was detected in one of the 16 samples. these mutations were not associated with any histological category of lymphoma. in conclusion, mutations were rarely observed in the dna encoding viral mirnas in cases of lymphoma. this suggests that the dna sequences of ebv-encoded mir-barts and mir-bhrf1-1 are conserved in ebv-associated lymphoma. however, controls from reactive processes were not studied. mchugh et al. [12] are interested in dual role of ebv and kaposi sarcoma-associated herpesvirus (kshv), which both establish persistent infections in b cells. kshv is linked to primary effusion lymphoma (pel), and 90% of pels also contain ebv. they developed mice reconstituted with human immune system components as a model for kshv infection and show that ebv/kshv dual infection enhanced kshv persistence and tumorigenesis. dual-infected cells displayed a plasma cell-like gene expression pattern similar to pels. kshv persisted in ebv-transformed b cells and was associated with lytic ebv gene expression, resulting in increased tumor formation. evidence of elevated lytic ebv replication was also found in ebv/kshv dually infected lymphoproliferative disorders in humans. these data suggest that kshv augments ebv-associated tumorigenesis via stimulation of lytic ebv replication. why this results in the peculiar pel and not other lymphomas remains unclear. wu et al. [13] investigate ebv-positive dlbcl of the elderly (although it has now been shown that age is not a relevant factor in ebv-positive dlbcl), which accounts for 8–10% of dlbcls in asian countries, but is less common in western populations. five dlbcl-derived cell lines were used to characterize patterns of ebv latent gene expression, as well as response to cytokines and chemotaxis. interleukin-4 and interleukin-21 modified lmp1, ebna1, and ebna2 expression depending on cell phenotype and type of ebv latent program (type i, ii, or iii). these cytokines also affected cxcr4- or ccr7-mediated chemotaxis in two of the cell lines. they used dominant-negative ebv nuclear antigen 1 to eliminate ebv genomes, which resulted in decreased chemotaxis. an alternative way to eliminate ebv genomes, roscovitine, resulted in an increase of apoptosis in the ebv-positive lines. these results show that ebv plays an important role in ebv-positive dlbcl lines with regard to survival and chemotactic response. they conclude that their results provide evidence for the impact of microenvironment on ebv-carrying dlbcl cells and might have therapeutic implications. yin et al. [14] are also able to promote cell death in ebv-positive cells in vitro, by using arsenic trioxide (ato). ebv spontaneous reactivation starts as early as 6 h after re-suspending ebv-positive mutu cells in rpmi media in the absence of ato; however, this does not occur in mutu cells cultured with ato. ato’s inhibition of ebv spontaneous reactivation is dose dependent. the expression of the ebv immediate early gene zta and early gene bmrf1 is blocked with low concentrations of ato in ebv latency type i cells. the combination of ato and ganciclovir further diminishes ebv gene expression. ato-mediated reduction of ebv gene expression can be rescued by co-treatment with the proteasome inhibitor mg132, indicating that ato promotes ubiquitin conjugation and proteasomal degradation of ebv genes. co-immunoprecipitation assays with antibodies against zta pull down more ubiquitin in ato-treated cell lysates. furthermore, mg132 reverses the inhibitory effect of ato on anti-igm-, pma- and tgf-β-mediated ebv reactivation. thus, mechanistically ato’s inhibition of ebv gene expression occurs via the ubiquitin pathway. moreover, ato treatment results in increased cell death in ebv-positive cells compared to ebv-negative cells, as demonstrated by both mtt and trypan blue assays. ato-induced cell death in ebv-positive cells is dose dependent. ato and ganciclovir in combination further enhances cell death specifically in ebv-positive cells. it would of course be very interesting to see whether these approaches to target ebv in ebv-positive lymphomas are also effective in patients.
evaluation of metabolic syndrome and vitamin d receptor gene polymorphism in male factor infertility.
5 mcallister cj  whittington je  holland aj   development of the eating behaviour in prader-willi syndrome: advances in our understanding int j obes (lond) 2011 35 188 197 20680019
impact of early tumor shrinkage and depth of response on the outcomes of panitumumab-based maintenance in patients with ras wild-type metastatic colorectal cancer.
(2005 ). calorie restriction promotes mitochondrial biogenesis by inducing the expression of enos . science
. naturally‐occurring canine transitional cell carcinoma of the urinary bladder a relevant model of human invasive bladder cancer . urol oncol . 2000 ;5 (2 ):47 ‐59 .21227289
anatomically weighted second-order total variation reconstruction of 23na mri using prior information from 1h mri.
in this article we describe the contingent valuation and behavior methods scenario developed in the 1995 albemarle-pamlico sounds survey. the survey elicits revealed and stated preference recreation behavior data which are used to estimate the value of water quality improvements [4,8]. the survey elicits willingness to pay data which are used to conduct a split-sample scope test [7]. the data are used to jointly estimate revealed and stated preference recreation and willingness to pay data [2,6]. the data has been, and can continue to be, used to investigate econometric specification [3], bid design and other nonmarket valuation issues. the data have been used as illustrations and examples in three books that develop nonmarket valuation methods [1,5,9]. data are supplied with this article.
interleukin 2 is thought to be active as a monomeric protein. as the nonessential cys-140 of murine interleukin 2 (mil2) is located in the hydrophobic interface of the amphiphilic f domain it was successfully used to stabilize hydrophobic amino acid contacts between two mil2 cores yielding biologically active cystine-bonded dimeric mil2. (3h) thymidine incorporation assays with intermolecular cystine-bonded or monomeric mil2 revealed almost identical median effective concentrations (ec50) and high-affinity dissociation constants (kdh), respectively. comparative binding and internalization assays suggest that one cystine-bonded dimeric or two monomeric mil2 molecules bind to the high-affinity receptor complex. furthermore, dss concentration-dependent crosslinking studies using monomeric mil2 revealed four membrane-derived protein-complexes with apparent molecular weights of about 70 kda, 85 kda, 95 kda and 100 kda, respectively, showing that both mil2 receptor chains may be crosslinked to a monomeric or dimeric ligand molecule, respectively. we therefore propose that dimerization of murine interleukin 2 occurring either in solution at concentrations above the low-affinity dissociation constant or at the low-affinity receptor is important for regulation of high-affinity complex formation and signal transduction.
modulation of m1 and m2 muscarinic receptor subtypes following repeated organophosphate exposure in rats.
cancer is one of the leading causes of human morbidity and mortality worldwide. collectively, there are about 14 million new cases around the world, and over 8 million cancer‐related deaths per year (mcguire, 2016). globally, the incidence is not declining and is expected to rise to 22 million new cases per year (a 70% increase) in the next two decades. in the united states, cancer is a significant health problem, with 1 in 4 deaths being due to cancer and male and female americans having 44% and 38% chance of developing cancer during their lifetimes, respectively. the incidence of cancer has been increasing, while mortality has been decreasing since the mid‐1970s (siegel et al., 2014). although progress in increasing life expectancy is being made, the progress pales in comparison to advances made with other major diseases like heart disease and stroke (hole & salem, 2016). while heart disease has been the leading cause of death in the usa over the past 50 years, this is expected to change in the coming decades.
al debris, allergic mucin, and nasal polyposes are formed in the nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses. the causative fungi in allergic fungal sinusitis (afs) are usually dematiaceous fungi, consisting o
acquired pneumonia without travel history of affected geographic areas, clinicians have ruled out possible causes and highly clinical suspicion of novel pathogens.
how can quality be maintained if incentives are withdrawn once satisfactory levels of quality are achieved?
through evaluative conditioning (ec) a stimulus can acquire an affective value by pairing it with another affective stimulus. while many sounds we encounter daily have acquired an affective value over life, ec has hardly been tested in the auditory domain. to get a more complete understanding of affective processing in auditory domain we examined ec of sound. in experiment 1 we investigated whether the affective evaluation of short environmental sounds can be changed using affective words as unconditioned stimuli (us). congruency effects on an affective priming task for conditioned sounds demonstrated successful ec. subjective ratings for sounds paired with negative words changed accordingly. in experiment 2 we investigated whether extinction occurs, i.e., whether the acquired valence remains stable after repeated presentation of the conditioned sound without the us. the acquired affective value remained present, albeit weaker, even after 40 extinction trials. these results provide clear evidence for ec effects in the auditory domain. we will argue that both associative as well as propositional processes are likely to underlie these effects.
conventional flow cytometry using scattering and fluorescent detection methods has been a fundamental tool of biological discoveries for many years. invasive extraction of cells from a living organism, however, may lead to changes in cell properties and prevents the long-term study of cells in their native environment. here, we summarize recent advances of new generation flow cytometry for in vivo noninvasive label-free or targeted detection of cells in blood, lymph, bone, cerebral and plant vasculatures using photoacoustic (pa) detection techniques, multispectral high-pulse-repetition-rate lasers, tunable ultrasharp (up to 0.8 nm) rainbow plasmonic nanoprobes, positive and negative pa contrasts, in vivo magnetic enrichment, time-of-flight cell velocity measurement, pa spectral analysis, and integration of pa, photothermal (pt), fluorescent, and raman methods. unique applications of this tool are reviewed with a focus on ultrasensitive detection of normal blood cells at different functional states (e.g., apoptotic and necrotic) and rare abnormal cells including circulating tumor cells (ctcs), cancer stem cells, pathogens, clots, sickle cells as well as pharmokinetics of nanoparticles, dyes, microbubbles and drug nanocarriers. using this tool we discovered that palpation, biopsy, or surgery can enhance ctc release from primary tumors, increasing the risk of metastasis. the novel fluctuation flow cytometry provided the opportunity for the dynamic study of blood rheology including red blood cell aggregation and clot formation in different medical conditions (e.g., blood disorders, cancer, or surgery). theranostics, as a combination of pa diagnosis and pt nanobubble-amplified multiplex therapy, was used for eradication of ctcs, purging of infected blood, and thrombolysis of clots using pa guidance to control therapy efficiency. in vivo flow cytometry using a portable fiber-based devices can provide a breakthrough platform for early diagnosis of cancer, infection and cardiovascular disorders with a potential to inhibit, if not prevent, metastasis, sepsis, and strokes or heart attack by well-timed personalized therapy.
a hypothetical explanation for pregnancy loss in postpartum dairy cows is that the metabolic environment of the cow inhibits the growth of the conceptus and places the pregnancy at risk for loss. the objective of the current study, therefore, was to model the association between cow-level metabolic indicators and conceptus growth during early pregnancy (day 33-45 after ai) and to determine if an association (if present) is large enough to cause pregnancy loss. metabolic indicators included milk production, changes in body weight and body condition score, parity, and concentrations of circulating hormones and metabolites (glucose, non-esterified fatty acids, growth hormone, igf1, progesterone, and pregnancy-associated glycoproteins). one-hundred cows were enrolled. cows that became pregnant with single conceptus pregnancies (n=53) weighed more (p<0.007) and had fewer uterine polymorphonuclear neutrophils (uterine health indicator; p<0.051) compared with cows that failed to become pregnant. the embryo and amniotic vesicle were measured by using ultrasound on day 33, 35, 38, 40, 42, and 45 of pregnancy. most of the cow-level indicators that were included in the model of conceptus growth failed to achieve statistical significance. day of pregnancy had the largest effect on conceptus growth (size and cross-sectional area of the embryo and amniotic vesicle; p<0.001). there were effects of sex of fetus (male fetuses larger than female), insulin (negative association), and body weigh change (positive association) on embryo length and cross-sectional area but these effects were small when compared with the range in conceptus length or area that we observed. the conclusion was that the capacity of the cow to become pregnant was associated with body weight and uterine health but we failed to find a large association with metabolic status on conceptus growth from day 33 to 45 of pregnancy in lactating dairy cows.
what midlife women want from gynecologists: a survey of patients in specialty and private practices.
isolated low levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol are associated with an increased risk of coronary heart disease: an individual participant data meta-analysis of 23 studies in the asia-pacific region.
wu j-f  sun c-w  jiang c-y  liu z-p  liu s-j   a novel 2-aminophenol 1, 6-dioxygenase involved in the degradation of p-chloronitrobenzene by comamonas strain cnb-1: purification, properties, genetic cloning and expression in escherichia coli archives of microbiology 183 2005 1 8 15580337
atomic force measurements of unbinding rates (or off-rates) of ligands bound to a class of cell adhesion molecules from the selectin family show a transition from catch to slip bonds as the value of external force (f) is increased. at low forces (<10 pn), the unbinding rates decrease (catch regime), while, at high forces, the rates increase in accord with the bell model (slip regime). the energy landscape underlying the catch-slip transition can be captured by a two-state model that considers the possibility of redistribution of population from the force-free bound state to the force-stabilized bound state. the excellent agreement between theory and experiments is used to extract the parameters characterizing the energy landscape of the complex by fitting the calculated curves to lifetime data (obtained at constant f) for the monomeric form of psgl-1 (spsgl-1). we used the constant force parameters to predict the distributions of unbinding times and unbinding forces as a function of the loading rate. the general two-state model, which also correctly predicts the absence of catch bonds in the binding of antibodies to selectins, is used to resolve the energy landscape parameters characterizing adhesive interactions of p- and l-selectins with physiological ligands such as spsgl-1 and endoglycan and antibodies such as g1 and dreg56. despite high sequence similarity, the underlying shapes of the energy landscape of p-selectin and l-selectin interacting with spsgl-1 are markedly different. the underlying energy landscape of the selectin cell adhesion complex is sensitive to the nature of the ligand. the unified description of selectins bound to physiological ligands and antibodies in conjunction with experimental data can be used to extract the key parameters that describe the dynamics of cell adhesion complexes.
15. piccoli gb  cabiddu g  attini r  vigotti fn  maxia s  lepori n  tuveri m  massidda m  marchi c  mura s  coscia a  biolcati m  gaglioti p  nichelatti m  pibiri l  chessa g  pani a  todros t   risk of adverse pregnancy outcome in women with ckd j am soc nephrol 2015 26 2011 2022 10.1681/asn.2014050459 25766536
d enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (elisa) inhibition to bipolaris -specific ige and igg antibodies and (2) skin testing with bipolaris antigen. all 8 patients had positive skin test reactions to bip
91. parkhurst c.n.  yang g.  ninan i.  savas j.n.  yates j.r.  lafaille j.j.  hempstead b.l.  littman d.r.  gan w.b.   microglia promote learning-dependent synapse formation through brain-derived neurotrophic factor cell 2013 155 1596 1609 10.1016/j.cell.2013.11.030 24360280
we report two cases of refractory chronic graft-versus-host disease after donor lymphocyte infusions in which the skin lesions improved dramatically with the use of intravenous pulses of lidocaine. this form of therapy has been used successfully for the cutaneous involvement of scleroderma and may have vasodilator and anti-inflammatory effects.
dyslipidemia is associated with increased arterial stiffness (as) which may lead to hypertension. among the methods to assess as are carotid-femoral and brachial-ankle pulse wave velocity. dyslipidemia is also known to trigger inflammation. c-reactive protein (crp) is one of the commonest inflammatory markers measured in the clinical setting. however, the association between inflammation and pulse wave velocity (pwv) in people with dyslipidemia is less studied. therefore, this review investigated the association between inflammation (as measured by crp) and pwv in dyslipidemia patients. the search of the literature was conducted via pubmed and scopus database. the keywords used were "aortic stiffness" or "arterial stiffness" or "pulse wave velocity" or "vascular stiffness" or "carotid femoral pulse wave velocity" or "pulse wave analysis" and "inflammation" or "c reactive protein" or "c-reactive protein" or "high sensitivity c reactive protein" and "dyslipidemia" or "hyperlipidemia" or "hypercholesterolemia" or "hyperlipoproteinemia" or "hypertriglyceridemia". the following criteria were used: (1) only full-length original articles published in english language, (2) articles that reported the association between arterial stiffness measured as carotid-femoral pwv (cfpwv) or brachial-ankle pwv (bapwv) and crp or high-sensitivity crp, and (3) study involving human subjects. the search identified 957 articles published between 1980 and february 2020. only eight articles fulfilled the inclusion criteria and were used for data extraction. five of the studies were cross-sectional studies while another three studies were interventional studies. seven out of eight papers found a significant positive association between as and crp, and the correlation ranged from mild to moderate association (pearson
li y. h. zheng l. y. corke f. smith c. bevan m. w.   (2008 ). control of final seed and organ size by the da1 gene family in arabidopsis thaliana.
in the end and regardless of the method of data acquiring, the provider generates a filled data object, which is just copied and forwarded to the main program and inserted into the gsds. the diagram in figure 2b compiles and explains the communication between the interface (and its derived classes), the search dialog, and the main program.
genetic identification of two sibling species of lutzomyia longipalpis (diptera: psychodidae) that produce distinct male sex pheromones in sobral, ceará state, brazil.
3 fine p eames k heymann d l  “herd immunity”: a rough guide clin infect dis 2011 52 07 911 916 21427399
[t2*-contrast perfusion study--principles, theory and clinical utility in evaluating cerebral hemodynamics].
[comparison of efficacy and tolerability of a thrombolytic treatment with rt-pa in acute massive pulmonary embolism in the elderly and patients under 75 years of age].
atp citrate lyase was purified by two different procedures from the livers of rats first starved and then fed with a fat-deficient and high carbohydrate-glycerol diet. these enzyme preparations were judged homogeneous by sedimentation equilibrium and polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis. the molecular weight of the native enzyme was around 4.4 x 10(5) as determined by sedimentation equilibrium. on sodium dodecyl sulfate gel electrophoresis the enzyme usually showed a single protein band with an estimated molecular weight of 1.2 x 10(5). a similar value for the molecular weight of the subunit was obtained by gel filtration on 6% agarose in the presence of 6 m guanidinium chloride. the molecular weight of this polypeptide chain was estimated by sedimentation equilibrium to be around 1.1 x 10(5). these results indicated that atp citrate lyase has a subunit structure of four polypeptides of similar size. the extinction coefficient of the dry protein and its amino acid composition are also reported. some batches of fully active enzyme, judged to be homogeneous by sedimentation equilibrium and polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, showed two additional major polypeptides (mr approximately 7.1 x 10(4) and 5.5 x 10(4)) on sodium dodecyl sulfate gel electrophoresis. studies on the polypeptides produced by proteolytic modification of the native enzyme by trypsin indicated that the additional protein bands observed on sodium dodecyl sulfate gel electrophoresis with some of the batches of enzyme could have been formed by limited proteolysis ("nicking") of the original 1.1 x 10(5) subunit. trypsin treatment of the native enzyme did not affect the enzyme activity, whereas chymotrypsin and pronase treatment inactivated the enzyme. the trypsin-treated enzyme, which contained only the two smaller polypeptides, did not differ significantly from the untreated enzyme with respect to sedimentation behavior, phosphorylation by atp, km for citrate, and immunoreactivity, but it was more heat-labile than the untreated enzyme. the phosphate group on the phosphorylated "nicked" enzyme was located on the larger polypeptide fragment.
the prevalence of obesity, an established risk and progression factor for many cancers, has increased dramatically in many countries over the past three decades. worldwide, an estimated 600 million adults are currently obese. thus, a better understanding of the mechanistic links between obesity and cancer is urgently needed to identify intervention targets and strategies to offset the procancer effects of obesity. this review synthesizes the evidence on key biological mechanisms underlying the obesity-cancer association, with particular emphasis on obesity-associated enhancements in growth factor signaling, inflammation, and perturbations in the tumor microenvironment. these interrelated pathways and processes that are aberrantly regulated in obese individuals represent mechanism-based targets for disrupting the obesity-cancer link using phytochemicals.
l , et al. a qualitative signature for predicting pathological response to neoadjuvant chemoradiation in locally advanced rectal cancers
patient-centredness in acute stroke care - a qualitative study from the perspectives of patients, relatives and staff.
+baseline ecd: in pkp and dsaek group, the baseline ecd represents the donor ecd. in dalk, it means the recipient ecd. sd = standard deviation, ecd = endothelial cell density, dalk = deep anterior lamellar keratoplasty, pkp = penetrating keratoplasty, dsaek = descemet's stripping automated endothelial keratoplasty
in vitro and in vivo biological activities of pg-kii, a novel kassinin-like peptide from the skin of the australian frog, pseudophryne güntheri.
surgically removed discs from patients with either spondylolisthesis or tears of the posterior annulus fibrosus were analysed for water, proteoglycan, and collagen content and compared with post-mortem control material. discs from patients with spondylolisthesis had a reduced proteoglycan content in all section sampled and less collagen in the outer annular layers. in contrast discs containing tears in the posterior annulus were unaltered biochemically, although extended studies on 2 patients indicated that there may be localised biochemical changes in the region of the tear itself. collagen types i, ii, and iii and proteoglycan distributions were studies qualitatively by immunofluorescence. collagen types i and iii appeared to be reduced in discs from patients with spondylolisthesis, but again little change was found in patients with tears in the posterior annulus fibrosus.
computed tomography (ct) examinations are increasingly used for clinical diagnostic and research purposes, as they provide in vivo anatomic information similar to that provided by gross anatomy. in conjunction with physiologic maneuvers or contrast media, ct may also provide in vivo physiologic information. using calibrated acquisition protocols, accurate noninvasive measurements of tissue density, air volume, blood volume, and capillary perfusion can be performed. serial ct scans can provide longitudinal measurements indicative of disease progression or regression, allowing noninvasive assessment of treatment effects. however, the x-ray radiation associated with ct has been associated with a small but significant increased risk of malignancy, which may be fatal. large studies have detected this small risk, which appears to be related to the cumulative radiation dose of all previous exposures in a linear fashion. it has been shown that the risk from a given radiation exposure is greater in young people and females compared with older males. the combination of these two risk-enhancing factors, found in pregnant females, provides the greatest risk. radiation risk decreases with increasing age for both men and women, asymptotically approaching zero. radiation risk can be calculated using dose metrics provided on current ct scanners as outlined in this article. ethically, given that radiation is associated with measurable risk, clinically indicated and research ct examinations must provide an increase in knowledge that has substantial benefit to the subject. this benefit should be related to the potential of saving of life or to the prevention or mitigation of serious disease.
[immunoproteomics of non water-soluble allergens from 4 legumes flours: peanut, soybean, sesame and lentil].
fox e.   rainy brain, sunny brain: the new science of optimism and pessimism 2012 random house london
12. yun sh    comprehensive volumetric optical microscopy in vivo nat. med. 2006 12 1429 1433 10.1038/nm1450 17115049
four patients with tourette's syndrome who presented in an allergist's office are described. the diagnostic criteria, presentation of tourette's syndrome, and current therapy are discussed. all four patients had increased serum ige levels and positive skin tests. symptoms of tourette patients may mimic allergy or present combined with allergic illness.
sequence homology of a canine brain calcium-binding protein with calregulin and the human ro/ss-a antigen.
th4. slow traffic speed on nearby streets	-	-	−0.56	−0.49	-	−0.43	−0.42	−0.37	−0.64	−0.34	−0.64	−0.61
[surgical treatment of late complications stemming from partial gastrectomy performed for peptic ulcer].
chang ym , galler jr , luebke ji  (2003 ) prenatal protein malnutrition results in increased frequency of miniature inhibitory postsynaptic currents in rat ca3 interneurons . nutr neurosci  6 (4): 263 -267 . doi:10.1080/1028415031000151549. pubmed: 12887143.12887143
sex differences in type 2 diabetes: focus on disease course and outcomes . diabetes metab syndr obes
correale j villa a the blood–brain-barrier in multiple sclerosis: functional roles and therapeutic targeting autoimmunity 2007 40 148 160 10.1080/08916930601183522 17453713
hyperopia – in contrast to myopia, the prevalence of hyperopia increases with age, from 1 to 2 percent in those age 20 to 59 years to 10 percent in those age ≥60 years [13].●
β‐estradiol has inhibitory effect on inflammation postischemia and this effect was mimicked by g1 and blocked by g15
respiratory syncytial virus (rsv) is the leading cause of lower respiratory tract infections in infant and elderly populations worldwide. currently, there is no efficacious vaccine or therapy available for rsv infection. the molecular mechanisms underlying rsv-induced acute airway disease and associated long-term consequences remain largely unknown; however, experimental evidence suggests that the lung inflammatory response plays a fundamental role in the outcome of rsv infection. high-mobility group box 1 (hmgb1) is a nuclear protein that triggers inflammation when released from activated immune or necrotic cells and drives the pathogenesis of various infectious agents. although hmgb1 has been implicated in many inflammatory diseases, its role in rsv-induced airway inflammation has not been investigated. this study investigates the molecular mechanism of action of extracellularly released hmgb1 in airway epithelial cells (a549 and small airway epithelial cells) to establish its role in rsv infection. immunofluorescence microscopy and western blotting results showed that rsv infection of human airway epithelial cells induced a significant release of hmgb1 as a result of translocation of hmgb1 from the cell nuclei to the cytoplasm and subsequent release into the extracellular space. treating rsv-infected a549 cells with antioxidants significantly inhibited rsv-induced hmgb1 extracellular release. studies using recombinant hmgb1 triggered immune responses by activating primary human monocytes. finally, hmgb1 released by airway epithelial cells due to rsv infection appears to function as a paracrine factor priming epithelial cells and monocytes to inflammatory stimuli in the airways.
body composition changes from infancy to 4 years and associations with early childhood cognition in preterm and full-term children.
does covid-19 impact the frequency of threatening events in dreams? an exploration of pandemic dreaming in light of contemporary dream theories.
a set of 188 recombinant inbred lines (rils) and their parents used in this experiment were kindly supplied by usda-ars, starkville, mississippi, usa in 1999. rils were developed from an intraspecific hybrid between two upland cotton germplasm, hs46 and marcabucag8us-1-88, with wide genetic differences in yield, fiber quality, disease resistance, and seed quality traits. the f2 plants from the intraspecific hybrid were selfed till the f8 generation using bulk-base procedure, resulting in the 188 recombinant inbred lines [14]. these materials have been conserved through self-pollination for many years. in this study, every two lines among the 188 rils were randomly crossed during flowering to produce 376 immortal f2 (if2) lines, which were used for qtl analysis.
the interaction of dihydrofolate (h(2)f) and nadph with a fluorescent derivative of h(2)f reductase (dhfr) was studied by using transient and single-molecule techniques. the fluorescent moiety alexa 488 was attached to the structural loop that closes over the substrates after they are bound. fluorescence quenching was found to accompany the binding of both substrates and the hydride transfer reaction. for the binding of h(2)f to dhfr, the simplest mechanism consistent with the data postulates that the enzyme exists as slowly interconverting conformers, with the substrate binding preferentially to one of the conformers. at ph 7.0, the binding reaction has a bimolecular rate constant of 1.8 x 10(7) m(-1).s(-1), and the formation of the initial complex is followed by a conformational change. the binding of nadph to dhfr is more complex and suggests multiple conformers of the enzyme exist. nadph binds to a different conformer than h(2)f with a bimolecular rate constant of 2.6-5.7 x 10(6) m(-1).s(-1), with the former value obtained from single-molecule kinetics and the latter from stopped-flow kinetics. single-molecule studies of dhfr in equilibrium with substrates and products revealed a reaction with ensemble average rate constants of 170 and 470 s(-1) at ph 8.5. the former rate constant has an isotope effect of >2 when nadpd is substituted for nadph and probably is associated with hydride transfer. the results from stopped-flow and single-molecule methods are complementary and demonstrate that multiple conformations of both the enzyme and enzyme-substrate complexes exist.
non-protocolized fluid administration in critically ill patients, especially those with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards), is associated with poor outcomes. therefore, fluid administration in patients with coronavirus disease (covid-19) should be properly guided. choice of an index to guide fluid management during a pandemic with mass patient admissions carries an additional challenge due to the relatively limited resources. an ideal test for assessment of fluid responsiveness during this pandemic should be accurate in ards patients, economic, easy to interpret by junior staff, valid in patients in the prone position and performed with minimal contact with the patient to avoid spread of infection. patients with covid-19 ards are divided into two phenotypes (l phenotype and h phenotype) according to their lung compliance. selection of the proper index for fluid responsiveness varies according to the patient phenotype. heart-lung interaction methods can be used only in patients with l phenotype ards. real-time measures, such a pulse pressure variation, are more appropriate for use during this pandemic compared to ultrasound-derived measures, because contamination of the ultrasound machine can spread infection. preload challenge tests are suitable for use in all covid-19 patients. passive leg raising test is relatively better than mini-fluid challenge test, because it can be repeated without overloading the patient with fluids. trendelenburg maneuver is a suitable alternative to the passive leg raising test in patients with prone position. if a cardiac output monitor was not available, the response to the passive leg raising test could be traced by measurement of the pulse pressure or the perfusion index. preload modifying maneuvers, such as tidal volume challenge, can also be used in covid-19 patients, especially if the patient was in the gray zone of other dynamic tests. however, the preload modifying maneuvers were not extensively evaluated outside the operating room. selection of the proper test would vary according to the level of healthcare in the country and the load of admissions which might be overwhelming. evaluation of the volume status should be comprehensive; therefore, the presence of signs of volume overload such as lower limb edema, lung edema, and severe hypoxemia should be considered beside the usual indices for fluid responsiveness.
terahertz (thz) spoof surface plasmon polariton (spp) waveguides can provide subwavelength confinement, which makes it possible for the thz waves to transmit at low loss over long distances along a metallic surface. this work reports on the design and actualization of an ultra-compact wavelength diplexer formed by thz spoof spp waveguiding structures. by adding a certain number of periodic pillars in the coupling part of the directional coupler, the refractive index of the anti-symmetrically distributed odd modes can be engineered, thereby adjusting the coupling length. by adjusting the periodic pillar parameters properly, the spp modes at two target frequencies will be coupled in the device for an odd or even number of times, so that the spp modes at these two frequencies can be coupled out from different ports. the length of the wavelength diplexer is 1.6 mm, which is about 12.8% of its traditional counterpart. minimum simulated transmittances of -24.34
it is estimated that 7.6 million people will die as a consequence of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (hnscc). genetic predisposition has emerged as an important risk factor in the development and prognosis of hnscc. considering this, the aim of the current study is to assess whether codon 72 snp of the tp53 gene (rs1042522) is associated with an increased odds ratio of developing hnscc or with a worse prognosis in patients with hnscc. analysis of the rs1042522 in hnscc patients and in control individuals. differences between the case and control groups were determined using chi-squared tests. multivariate analysis was performed to evaluate the odds ratio of hnscc. fussy c means clustering was to cluster hnscc patients for survival analyses. time of survival was calculated using the kaplan-meier estimator and comparing this to the log rank test. statistical significance was set at p < 0.05. a total of 71.4 % of the arg/arg genotype were from hnscc patients, while only 28.6 % of arg/arg genotype were found in the control group. logistic regression demonstrated that the arg/arg genotype, smoking, and alcohol consumption increase the odds ratio of hnscc. no association between tp53 codon 72 polymorphism and p53 expression. no association between rs1042522 and survival or prognoses was observed. this study identified that individuals carrying the arginine allele at rs1042522 have an increased odds ratio of hnscc. however, no association between codon 72 snp of the tp53 gene and hnscc prognosis or p53 expression was observed.
hm-3, an rgd modified endostatin-derived polypeptide, is a potent angiogenesis inhibitor synthesized in our laboratory. its robust inhibitory effects on endothelial cell migration and tumour growth have been demonstrated by in vivo and in vitro activity assays. however, the drug has relatively short half-life in vivo. for the purpose of prolonging hm-3 half-life and retaining the safety and efficacy of the peptide, the study chose methoxy-polyethylene glycol-succinimidyl carbonate (sc-mpeg, molecular weight 20 kda, named sc-mpeg(20k)) to specifically modify its n terminus. compared with hm-3, the site-specific mono-pegylated peptide peg(20k)-hm-3 was shown the same activity in the inhibition of b16f10 tumour in vivo (the inhibitory effect of peg(20k)-hm-3, hm-3 and taxol were 44.35, 39.68%, respectively), while the frequency of drug-administering reduced from twice a day to once every 3 days. its rate of in vitro degradation in serum was markedly reduced (72.78% could still be detected after 132 h). histochemistry and immunohistochemistry analysis showed that both hm-3 and peg(20k)-hm-3 induced large areas of continuous necrosis within tumours and significantly reduced the vessel density compared to control. it might be a breakthrough in peg modification field to modify a small peptide with a large peg and reach a good result.
in photosystem-ii reaction-center particles (tsf-iia) fractionated from spinach chloroplasts by triton x-100 treatment, divalent cations appear to regulate electron-transport reactions. oxidation of cytochrome b-559 after illumination of the particles was accelerated by the presence of mg2+, whereas photoreduction of 2,6-dichlorophenolindophenol (dcip) by diphenyl carbazide was inhibited, both at a half-effective concentration of mg2+ of approx. 0.1 mm. the site of regulation was shown to be on the oxidizing side of photosystem ii, near p-680, based on the effects of actinin-light intensity and nature of the electron donors on dcip photoreduction. mg2+ was effective in quenching chlorophyll fluorescence in tsf-iia particles, but the quenching was sensitive to the presence of 3(3,4-dichlorophenyl)-1,1-dimethylurea. in the reaction-center (core) complex of photosystem ii, where the light-harvesting chlorophyll-protein complex is absent, there seems to be no regulation by mg2+ on excitation-energy distribution.
electron spin resonance (esr) spectroscopy was used to detect and identify radicals formed by uv irradiation of nafion and dow perfluorinated membranes partially or fully neutralized by cu(ii), fe(ii), and fe(iii). this method allowed the monitoring of esr signals from the paramagnetic counterions together with the appearance of membrane-derived radical species. the most surprising aspect of this study was the formation of membrane-derived radical species only in the neutralized membranes, and even in the absence of h2o2 in the case of nafion/cu(ii) and nafion/fe(iii). in nafion/cu(ii), esr spectra from radicals exhibiting hyperfine interactions with three equivalent 19f nuclei (the "quartet") and with four equivalent 19f nuclei (the "quintet") were detected. in nafion/fe(ii) exposed to h2o2 solutions, the formation of fe(iii) was detected. upon uv irradiation, strong signals from the chain-end radical rocf2cf2* were detected first, followed by the appearance, upon annealing above 200 k, of the quartet signal observed in nafion/cu(ii). in subsequent experiments with nafion and dow membranes neutralized by fe(iii), the rocf2cf2* radicals were formed even in the absence of h2o2, indicating that the role of h2o2 is oxidation of fe(ii) to fe(iii); moreover, in these systems small amounts of the chain-end radicals were detected even without uv irradiation. this result validates the method used to form the radicals: the role of uv irradiation is to accelerate the formation of a signal that is produced, albeit slowly, even in the dark, and possibly during fuel cell operation. the major conclusion is that cations are involved in degradation processes; the point of attack appears to be at or near the pendant chain of the ionomer. therefore when studying membrane stability, it is important to consider not only the formation of oxygen radicals, such as ho*, hoo*, and o2*-, that can attack the membrane but also the specific reactivity of counterions.
in vivo selection of populations of plasmodium chabaudi chabaudi as resistant to a monoclonal antibody that reacts with the precursor to the major merozoite surface antigen.
seen. however, at times, extension of allergic fungal sinusitis (afs) into adjacent anatomic spaces can produce a dramatic clinical presentation, such as visual loss. visual loss from allergic fungal
16. allaoui a.  barranquero c.  yahia s.  herrera-marcos l.v.  benomar s.  jridi m.  navarro-ferrando m.á.  rodriguez-yoldi m.j.  nasri m.  osada j.    fenugreek proteins and their hydrolysates prevent hypercholesterolemia and enhance the hdl antioxidant properties in rats nutr. food sci. 2018 48 973 989 10.1108/nfs-02-2018-0062
tuberculosis (tb) is a deadly infectious disease. pulmonary tb cases have decreased; yet, extrapulmonary cases such as genitourinary tb have not (centers for disease control and prevention, 2005). health care awareness of the clinical features of genitourinary tb is necessary to effectively treat patients with this disease.
matrix metalloproteinase (mmp)9/gelatinase b is increased in various nephropathies. to investigate its role, we used a genetic approach. adult mmp9-deficient (mmp9(-/)-) mice showed normal renal histology and function at 3 mo. we investigated the susceptibility of 3-mo-old mice to the accelerated model of anti-glomerular basement membrane nephritis, in which fibrin is an important mediator of glomerular injury and renal impairment. unexpectedly, nephritis was more severe in mmp9(-/)- than in control mice, as attested by levels of serum creatinine and albuminuria, and the extent of crescents and fibrin deposits. circulating or deposited immunoglobulin g, interleukin (il)-1beta, or il-10 were the same in mmp9(-/-) and mmp9(+/+) mice. however, we found that fibrin is a critical substrate for mmp9, and in its absence fibrin accumulated in the glomeruli. these data indicate that mmp9 is required for a novel protective effect on the development of fibrin-induced glomerular lesions.
clinical features that are associated with more severe or progressive liver disease, such as alt persistently >80 u/l, splenomegaly or thrombocytopenia, increased liver stiffness by elastography, or patients with prediabetes or diabetes or significant dyslipidemia.●
experimental study on the role of the ankle push off in the walk-to-run transition by means of a powered ankle-foot-exoskeleton.
variables: 1, before the meal; 2, just after the meal; 3, 30 minutes after the meal, 4, 1 hour after the meal; 5, 2 hours after the meal.
hydrodynamic advantages and disadvantages of mechanical bileaflet valves and tilting disc valves no. 29.
we have previously demonstrated that yangambin, a lignan obtained from ocotea duckei vattimo (lauraceae), shows antileishmanial activity against promastigote forms of leishmania chagasi and leishmania amazonensis. the aim of this study was to determine the in vitro effects of yangambin against these parasites using electron and confocal microscopy. l. chagasi and l. amazonensis promastigotes were incubated respectively with 50 μg/ml and 65 μg/ml of pure yangambin and stained with acridine orange. treated-parasites showed significant alterations in fluorescence emission pattern and cell morphology when compared with control cells, including the appearance of abnormal round-shaped cells, loss of cell motility, nuclear pyknosis, cytoplasm acidification and increased number of acidic vesicular organelles (avos), suggesting important physiological changes. ultrastructural analysis of treated-promatigotes showed characteristics of cell death by apoptosis as well as by autophagy. the presence of parasites exhibiting multiples nuclei suggests that yangambin may also affect the microtubule dynamic in both leishmania species. taken together our results show that yangambin is a promising agent against leishmania.
displaying telecanthus and asymmetrical positioning of her eyes and globes.    coronal ct scan showing extensive allergic fungal sinusitis involving the right side with mucocele above the right orbit
we present a bioactuator powered by insect dorsal vessel tissue which can work for a long time at room temperature without maintenance. previously reported bioactuators which exploit contracting ability of mammalian heart muscle cell have required precise environmental control to keep the cell alive and contracting. to overcome this problem, we propose a bioactuator using dorsal vessel tissue. the insect tissue which can grow at room temperature is generally robust over a range of culture conditions compared to mammalian tissues and cells. first, we confirm that a dorsal vessel tissue of lepidoptera larva ctenoplusia agnata contracts spontaneously for at least 30 days without medium replacement at 25 degrees c. using the dorsal vessel tissue cultured under the same conditions, we succeed in driving micropillars 100 microm in diameter and 1000 microm in height for more than 90 days. the strongest displacement of the micropillar top occurs on the 42(nd) day and is 23 microm. based on these results, the contracting force is roughly estimated as 4.7 micron which is larger than that by a few mammalian cardiomyocytes (3.4 micron). definite displacements of more than 10 microm are observed for 58 days from the 15(th) to the 72(nd) days. the number of life cycles can be roughly calculated as 7.5 x 10(5) times for the average frequency of about 0.15 hz, which is no less than that of conventional mechanical actuators. these results suggest that the insect dorsal vessel tissue is a more promising material for bioactuators used at room temperature than other biological cell-based materials.
this study investigated the effect of age on peripheral factors involved in the systemic response to maximal exercise. skeletal muscle was analyzed and regional blood flow distribution was determined at rest and during maximal exercise in senescent (old) and in younger mature (young) beagles. maximal exercise capacity was significantly reduced (p less than 0.05) in old and was associated with a reduction in cardiac output (co), as well as a tendency for arteriovenous o2 difference to be reduced, with a concomitant reduction in maximal o2 consumption. in each regional circulation evaluated, resting blood flow was similar in young and old. during exercise, blood flow was similar in young and old to the diaphragm, heart, tongue, and six of seven locomotory muscles. concomitant blood flow reductions in splanchnic regions tended to be more pronounced in old than in young. skeletal muscle analyses of triceps, semitendinosus, and gastrocnemius muscles disclosed similar percent fiber type distribution in young and old but a reduction in type ii fiber area in old. in addition, both muscle capillary density and capillary-to-fiber ratio were reduced in old. these results demonstrate that age-related changes in blood flow distribution during maximal exercise enable skeletal muscle blood flow to be maintained in old, despite reductions in maximal co and in muscle capillary density. however, this pattern of blood flow distribution only partially compensates for the combined effects of age-related changes in metabolic potential of the periphery, o2 content of arterial blood, and cardiac function during maximal exercise in old.
on the basis of empirically derived design criteria, polymers with anti-fouling properties should be hydrophilic and electrically neutral, and should have hydrogen bond acceptors but no hydrogen bond donors [22]. however, long-term anti-fouling ability of materials is still difficult to achieve. significant effort based on theory and trial-and-error approaches has been invested in the search for optimal anti-fouling materials, based on which several classes of materials have been developed and proved to have good protein resistance properties.
we sought to test the hypothesis that the cardiovascular responses to isolated muscle metaboreflex activation would be blunted in patients with cirrhosis. eleven patients with cirrhosis and 15 healthy controls were evaluated. blood pressure (bp, oscillometric method), contralateral forearm blood flow (fbf, venous occlusion plethysmography) and heart rate (hr, electrocardiogram) were measured during baseline, isometric handgrip at 30% of maximal voluntary contraction followed by post-exercise ischemia (pei). forearm vascular conductance (fvc) was calculated as follows: (fbf/mean bp) x 100. changes in hr during handgrip were similar between groups, but tended to be different during pei (controls: ∆0.5 ± 1.1 bpm vs. cirrhotic patients: ∆3.6 ± 1.0 bpm, p = 0.057). mean bp response to handgrip (controls: ∆20.9 ± 2.7 mmhg vs. cirrhotic patients: ∆10.6 ± 1.5 mmhg, p = 0.006) and pei was attenuated in cirrhotic patients (controls: ∆16.1 ± 1.9 mmhg vs. cirrhotic patients: ∆7.2 ± 1.4 mmhg, p = 0.001). in contrast, fbf and fvc increased during handgrip and decreased during pei similarly between groups. these results indicate that an abnormal muscle metaboreflex activation explained, at least partially, the blunted pressor response to exercise exhibited by cirrhotic patients. novelty bullets: • patients with cirrhosis present abnormal muscle metaboreflex activation • blood pressure response was blunted, but forearm vascular response was preserved • heart rate response was slightly elevated.
11. sousa-uva m  neumann f-j  ahlsson a    2018 esc/eacts guidelines on myocardial revascularization eur j cardiothorac surg 2018 55 1 4 90 10.1093/ejcts/ezy289
78 main dj , noto cr , weishampel db . postcranial anatomy of a basal hadrosauroid (dinosauria: ornithopoda) from the cretaceous (cenomanian) woodbine formation of north texas in: eberth da , evans dc , editors. hadrosaurs . bloomington : indiana university press ; 2014  pp 77 –95 .
[an autopsy case of primary splenic angiosarcoma: successful treatment with heparin for disseminated intravascular coagulation].
a standard unpaired student’s t test was used (unless otherwise stated) to determine the statistical probability of the differences observed between two populations of cells using prism software (graphpad software): *, p < 0.05; **, p < 0.01; ***, p < 0.001; ****, p < 0.0001.
[evaluation of the activities of an intensive care unit in tunisia during 1-year period: maintenance and management problems].
an increasing proportion of the adult population is partially dentate. dental implants, being fixed and conservative of tooth tissue could be the ideal treatment of choice however cost, systemic and localfactors may limit their use. an alternative treatment modality is therefore required fo rpatients who are not suitable candidates for dental implants, conventional removable partial dentures or bridges. this case report illustrates the use of a sectional removable partial denture to restore a unilateral bounded saddle using a hader bar connector.
a 61-year-old asian male presented with a 7-month history of a progressive spastic quadriparesis. the cervical mr imaging demonstrated a large intradural extramedullary anterior tumor at the c4-c6 level that severely compressed the spinal cord [figure 1a-c]. it homogeneously enhanced with contrast and exhibited the classical dural tail sign [figure 1d]. further, the ct showed no calcification within the tumor.
warfarin to argatroban – start argatroban when the inr is <2.0. (see "perioperative management of patients receiving anticoagulants", section on 'bridging anticoagulation'.)●
effective palliative treatment of metastatic carcinoid tumors with intra-arterial chemotherapy/chemoembolization combined with octreotide acetate.
we describe the clinical effects of cholesterol supplementation in 6 children with the rsh-"smith-lemli-opitz" syndrome (slos). the children ranged in age from birth to 11 years at the onset of therapy, with pretreatment cholesterol levels ranging from 8 to 62 mg/dl. clinical benefits of therapy were seen in all patients, irrespective of age at onset of treatment, or severity of cholesterol defect. effects of treatment included improved growth, more rapid developmental progress, and a lessening of problem behaviors. pubertal progression in older patients, a better tolerance of infection, improvement of gastrointestinal symptoms, and a diminution in photosensitivity and skin rashes were also noted. there were no adverse reactions to treatment with cholesterol. this preliminary study suggests that cholesterol supplementation may be of benefit to patients with the slos.
the use of 3,4,methylenedioxymethamphetamine (mdma), the active agent in ecstasy, during adolescence is widespread yet the effects on adolescent behavior and brain development are unknown. the aim of the present study was 1) to evaluate effects of mdma in adolescent rats using the conditioned place preference (cpp) paradigm to measure mdma-induced reward and 2) assess effects of mdma administration on cellular proliferation, survival and neurogenesis in the dentate gyrus of the hippocampus. during the adolescent period, mdma cpp was measured in adolescents [postnatal day (pnd) 28-39] by training rats to associate 1.25, 2.5, 5.0mg/kg mdma or saline administration with environmental cues. after cpp ended, bromodeoxyuridine (brdu) was injected and rats were euthanized either 24h (to evaluate cell proliferation) or 2 weeks (to assess neurogenesis) after the last mdma injection. adolescents expressed a cpp for 2.5mg/kg mdma. repeated exposure to 5.0mg/kg mdma during adolescence increased cell proliferation, yet diminished neurogenesis, an effect that was replicated using flow cytometry. these findings suggest differential dose effects of adolescent mdma exposure on reward related behaviors and hippocampal neurogenesis.
[uv-therapy of psoriasis. half-side comparison between oral photochemotherapy (puva) and selective uv-phototherapy (sup)].
gastrointestinal bacteria that harbor antibiotic resistance genes (arg) become enriched with antibiotic use. livestock manure application to cropland for soil fertility presents a concern that arg and bacteria may proliferate and be transported in the environment. in the united states, manure applications typically occur during autumn with slow mineralization until spring planting season. a laboratory soil incubation study was conducted mimicking autumn swine manure application to soils with concentrations of selected arg monitored during simulated 120-day winter incubation with multiple freeze-thaw events. additionally, the effects of two soil moistures [10 and 30% water holding capacity (whc)] and two manure treatments [raw versus hydrated lime alkaline stabilization (hlas)] were assessed. fourteen tetracycline resistance genes were evaluated;
the global pandemic of obesity and type 2 diabetes is often causally linked to changes in diet and lifestyle; namely increased intake of calorically dense foods and concomitant reductions in physical activity. epidemiological studies in humans and controlled animal intervention studies have now shown that nutritional programming in early periods of life is a phenomenon that affects metabolic and physiological functions throughout life. this link is conceptualised as the developmental programming hypothesis whereby environmental influences during critical periods of developmental plasticity can elicit lifelong effects on the health and well-being of the offspring. the mechanisms by which early environmental insults can have long-term effects on offspring remain poorly defined. however there is evidence from intervention studies which indicate altered wiring of the hypothalamic circuits that regulate energy balance and epigenetic effects including altered dna methylation of key adipokines including leptin. studies that elucidate the mechanisms behind these associations will have a positive impact on the health of future populations and adopting a life course perspective will allow identification of phenotype and markers of risk earlier, with the possibility of nutritional and other lifestyle interventions that have obvious implications for prevention of non-communicable diseases.
pulmonary hypertension in thalassaemia major patients with normal left ventricular systolic function.
new tools for the determination of characteristic parameters for food authentication are requested to prevent food adulteration from which health concerns, unfair competition could follow. a new coupling in the area of compound-specific carbon 13 isotope ratio (δ(13)c) analysis was developed to simultaneously quantify δ(13)c values of sugars and organic acids. the coupling of ion chromatography (ic) together with isotope ratio mass spectrometry (irms) can be achieved using a liquid interface allowing a chemical oxidation (co) of organic matter. synthetic solutions containing 1 polyol (glycerol), 3 carbohydrates (sucrose, glucose and fructose) and 12 organic acids (gluconic, lactic, malic, tartaric, oxalic, fumaric, citric and isocitric) were used to optimize chromatographic conditions (concentration gradient and 3 types of column) and the studied isotopic range (-32.28 to -10.65‰) corresponds to the values found in food products. optimum chromatographic conditions are found using an ionpac as15, an elution flow rate of 0.3mlmin(-1) and a linear concentration gradient from 2 to 76mm (rate 21mmmin(-1)). comparison between δ(13)c value individually obtained for each compound with the coupling irms and elemental analyzer, ea-irms, and the ones measured on the mixture of compounds by ic-co-irms does not reveal any isotope fractionation. thus, under these experimental conditions, ic-co-irms results are accurate and reproducible. this new coupling was tested on two food matrices, an orange juice and a sweet wine. some optimization is necessary as the concentration range between sugars and organic acids is too large: an increase in the filament intensity of the irms is necessary to simultaneously detect the two compound families. these first attempts confirm the good results obtained on synthetic solutions and the strong potential of the coupling ic-co-irms in food authentication area.
this article examines the relationship between criminal violence and mental illness. our data suggest that mentally ill persons tend to have an increased risk for committing violent offenses, and that the violent offending by these individuals tends to be recidivistic. our findings suggest that parents who have both committed violent offenses and experienced a psychiatric hospitalization increase the risk of violent offending among their offspring. we propose the hypothesis that mentally ill parents transmit a biological characteristic which may genetically predispose their child towards criminal violence. prenatal disturbances during critical periods of fetal development may provide clues regarding the etiology of criminal violence.
in renal principal cells, vasopressin regulates the shuttling of the aquaporin (aqp)2 water channel between intracellular vesicles and the apical plasma membrane. vasopressin-induced phosphorylation of aqp2 at serine 256 (s256) by protein kinase a (pka) is essential for its localization in the membrane. however, phosphorylated aqp2 (p-aqp2) has also been detected in intracellular vesicles of noninduced principal cells. as aqp2 is expressed as homotetramers, we hypothesized that the number of p-aqp2 monomers in a tetramer might be critical for the its steady state distribution. expressed in oocytes, aqp2-s256d and aqp2-s256a mimicked p-aqp2 and non-p-aqp2, respectively, as routing and function of aqp2-s256d and wild-type aqp2 (wt-aqp2) were identical, whereas aqp2-s256a was retained intracellularly. in coinjection experiments, aqp2-s256a and aqp2-s256d formed heterotetramers. coinjection of different ratios of aqp2-s256a and aqp2-s256d crnas revealed that minimally three aqp2-s256d monomers in an aqp2 tetramer were essential for its plasma membrane localization. therefore, our results suggest that in principal cells, minimally three monomers per aqp2 tetramer have to be phosphorylated for its steady state localization in the apical membrane. as other multisubunit channels are also regulated by phosphorylation, it is anticipated that the stoichiometry of their phosphorylated and nonphosphorylated subunits may fine-tune the activity or subcellular localization of these complexes.
delayed hypersensitivity reactionsbackground  delayed hypersensitivity reactions are inflammatory reactions initiated by mononuclear leukocytes. the term delayed is used to differentiate a secondary c
polyclonal horse antilymphocyte and rabbit antithymocyte globulins (atgs) are currently used in severe aplastic anemia and for the treatment of organ allograft acute rejection and graft-versus-host disease. atg treatment induces a major depletion of peripheral blood lymphocytes, which contributes to its overall immunosuppressive effects. several mechanisms that may account for lymphocyte lysis were investigated in vitro. at high concentrations (.1 to 1 mg/ml) atgs activate the human classic complement pathway and induce lysis of both resting and phytohemagglutinin (pha)-activated peripheral blood mononuclear cells. at low, submitogenic, concentration atgs induce antibody-dependent cell cytotoxicity of pha-activated cells, but not resting cells. they also trigger surface fas (apo-1, cd95) expression in naive t cells and fas-ligand gene and protein expression in both naive and primed t cells, resulting in fas/fas-l interaction-mediated cell death. atg-induced apoptosis and fas-l expression were not observed with an atg preparation lacking cd2 and cd3 antibodies. susceptibility to atg-induced apoptosis was restricted to activated cells, dependent on il-2, and prevented by cyclosporin a, fk506, and rapamycin. the data suggest that low doses of atgs could be clinically evaluated in treatments aiming at the selective deletion of in vivo activated t cells in order to avoid massive lymphocyte depletion and subsequent immunodeficiency.
poly(amidoamine) (pamam) dendrimers have been evaluated for the influence of surface functionality and size on the epithelial barrier of the gut with the goal of identifying safe carriers that can be used for oral drug delivery. limited studies are conducted to date, however, to assess the toxicity of pamam dendrimers in vivo when administered by the oral route. the goal of this research was to conduct an oral acute toxicity study of pamam dendrimers as a function of size and charge in immune competent cd-1 mice. maximum tolerated doses (mtd) of pamam dendrimers as a function of size and surface functionality were established and clinical signs of toxicity monitored. results demonstrate that positively charged dendrimers caused more toxicity, whereas their anionic counterparts were tolerated at ten times higher doses. severe signs of toxicity observed for large (g7) cationic amine- or hydroxyl-terminated dendrimers include hemobilia and spleenomegaly. the mtd for these dendrimers ranged from 30 mg/kg to 200 mg/kg. anionic g6.5 or smaller molecular weight carboxyl-, amine-, or hydroxyl-terminated dendrimers (g3.5-cooh, g4-nh2, g4-oh) on the other hand were tolerated at doses of up to 500 mg/kg (300 mg/kg in some cases) with minimal or no signs of toxicity. establishing the mtd of orally delivered pamam dendrimers and the influence of surface functionality and size on toxicity aids in the rational design of pamam-drug conjugates for oral drug delivery applications.
33 shafquat a , joice r , simmons sl , huttenhower c . functional and phylogenetic assembly of microbial communities in the human microbiome . trends microbiol . 2014 ;22 (5 ):261 –6 . 10.1016/j.tim.2014.01.011
monoclonal antibodies recognizing the stable imidazole ring-opened form of the major n7-guanine aflatoxin b1-dna adduct have been used in competitive enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays (elisa) and indirect immunofluorescence assays to quantitate adduct levels in liver tissue. methods were developed in afb1-treated animals, then applied to paired tumor and nontumor liver tissues of hepatocellular carcinoma patients from taiwan. an avidin-biotin complex staining method was also used for of the detection of hepatitis b surface (hbsag) and x (hbxag) antigens in liver sections. a total of 8 (30%) hepatocellular carcinoma (hcc) samples and 7 (26%) adjacent nontumor liver tissue samples from taiwan were positive for afb1-dna adducts. for hbsag, 10 (37%) hcc samples and 22 (81%) adjacent nontumorous liver samples were positive, and 9 (33%) hcc samples and 11 (41%) adjacent nontumor liver samples were hbxag positive. no association with afb1-dna adducts was observed for hbsag and hbxag. these methods should be useful in determining the role of exposure in the induction of hcc in taiwan.
qtl specific to bark texture were highly reproducible in shared intervals across sites, years and replicates. significant positive correlations and co-localization between trait qtl suggest pleiotropic regulators or closely linked genes. a list of candidate genes with related putative function, location close to qtl maxima and with the highest expression level in the phloem, xylem and cambium was identified.
people with ibs, more commonly than others, have gastroesophageal reflux, symptoms relating to the genitourinary system, chronic fatigue syndrome, fibromyalgia, headache, backache, and psychiatric symptoms such as depression and anxiety.
this research did not receive any specific grant from funding agencies in the public, commercial, or not-for-profit sectors.
the safety and feasibility of intratumoral injection of obp-301 in patients with various types of advanced solid tumors have already been confirmed in a phase i clinical trial.20 furthermore, phase i/ii clinical studies of obp-301 in combination with radiation therapy for esophageal cancer patients showed preliminary efficacy with no dose-limiting toxicities. some phase i trials of i.p. administration of oncolytic virus have been performed in patients with ovarian cancer,44, 45, 46 and their safety profiles were confirmed. the safety of i.p. administration of ptx has been also confirmed in phase iii trial for gastric cancer patients with peritoneal metastasis.14 there was no effect of each treatment on the body weight of mice in vivo study (figure s5). we and our collaborators have confirmed that i.p. administration of obp-301 in combination with cddp has therapeutic efficacy for peritoneal metastasis of ovarian cancer in a xenograft model. in this study, i.p. administration of obp-401 allowed selective visualization of disseminated nodules, and viral e1a protein was not detected in any other visceral organs (figure 5), which indicates that i.p. virotherapy using obp-401 has minimal adverse effects on normal i.p. organs. furthermore, a dose-titration study (figure s6) indicated that obp-401 at 105 plaque-forming units (pfus), which is 3 logs lower than the concentration used for intratumoral injection, could still effectively suppress peritoneal dissemination, suggesting that i.p. administration of obp-401 may easily lead to virus dispersion over the abdominal cavity and effective attachment to the disseminated nodules. interestingly, ptx enhanced the penetration of obp-401 into the disseminated nodules compared to obp-401 alone (figure 6c). one possible explanation for the deep penetration of obp-401 by ptx may be that ptx enhanced the replication ability of obp-401 in the disseminated nodules as we showed in vitro. another possible reason is that obp-401 may easily infiltrate into the peritoneal nodules because ptx decreases stromal fibrosis in human peritoneal mesothelial cells.47 several times of treatment might cure the peritoneal metastasis of gastric cancer although only one cycle of treatment could not. recently, we have reported that telomerase-specific oncolytic ad virus such as obp-301 could induce immunogenic cell death (icd), which leads to the induction of systemic anti-tumor immune response via the activation of dendritic cells and the facilitation of cytotoxic t lymphocyte recruitment.48 therefore, i.p. administration of oncolytic ad virus treatment might be a promising candidate for combination therapy with immune checkpoint inhibitors (icis) in the future. indeed, i.p. administration of obp-401 in combination with ptx significantly decreased malignant ascites, which indicates that this novel treatment may not only improve the survival of patients with peritoneal metastasis but also maintain the quality of life of patients.
behav sci (basel)behav sci (basel)behavscibehavioral sciences2076-328xmdpi 10.3390/bs3010042behavsci-03-00042communicationcognition is … fundamentally cultural bender andrea 1*beller sieghard 21 department of psychology, university of freiburg, engelberger straße 41, d-79085 freiburg, germany2 department of human sciences, university of paderborn, warburger str. 100, d-33098 paderborn, germany; e-mail: sieghard.beller@uni-paderborn.de* author to whom correspondence should be addressed; e-mail: bender@psychologie.uni-freiburg.de; tel.: +49-761-203-2482; fax: +49-761-203-2490.04 1 2013 3 2013 3 1 42 54 03 12 2012 11 12 2012 17 12 2012 © 2013 by the authors; licensee mdpi, basel, switzerland.2013this article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the creative commons attribution license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).a prevailing concept of cognition in psychology is inspired by the computer metaphor. its focus on mental states that are generated and altered by information input, processing, storage and transmission invites a disregard for the cultural dimension of cognition, based on three (implicit) assumptions: cognition is internal, processing can be distinguished from content, and processing is independent of cultural background. arguing against each of these assumptions, we point out how culture may affect cognitive processes in various ways, drawing on instances from numerical cognition, ethnobiological reasoning, and theory of mind. given the pervasive cultural modulation of cognition—on all of marr’s levels of description—we conclude that cognition is indeed fundamentally cultural, and that consideration of its cultural dimension is essential for a comprehensive understanding.
referral refusal is commonplace for various reasons, including geographic and financial constraints, illness severity, and long wait time. when families refuse referrals, reasons should be sorted out and addressed accordingly, and appropriate options should be offered [4]. our findings revealed that the fear of high costs for services including transportation and drugs as well as other informal payments for accommodations made families reluctant to accept referrals. this finding confirmed a qualitative study from southern tanzania where mothers of sick newborns complained about high treatment costs at referral centers and transportation expenses [34]. conversely, referral-related expenses were shown not to affect acceptance in a study conducted in south africa [6]; however, the setting was a more developed urban periphery, unlike the urban-rural mix of our study settings.
51. kim km  ingersoll cd  hertel j   facilitation of hoffmann reflexes of ankle muscles in prone but not standing positions by focal ankle-joint cooling j sport rehabil 2015 24 130 139 10.1123/jsr.2013-0123 25365661
association between 5-aminosalicylates in patients with ibd and risk of severe covid-19: an artefactual result of research methodology?
cutaneous leishmaniasis (cl) is an endemic disease especially in southeastern anatolia of turkey and recently shows a trend for spread to other regions of the country including the aegean region. the diagnosis of cl is based on combined evaluation of epidemiological data with the clinical symptoms and laboratory findings. direct microscopic examination and culture methods are mainly used in the routine diagnosis of cl, while molecular methods are mainly used for research. the aim of this study was to detect the presence of leishmania spp. in samples obtained from cl-suspected patients by using direct microscopy, culture and polymerase chain reaction (pcr) methods and to compare the results. a total of 55 patients who were admitted to parasitology laboratory of adnan menderes university hospital, aydin (located at aegean region in turkey), between 2012-2014 were included in the study. smear preparations from the skin lesions of cases were fixed and stained with giemsa, and the presence of amastigote forms were evaluated by direct microscopy. nnn medium was used for the cultivation of samples. total genomic dna of leishmania from the samples were extracted with a commercial kit (nucleospin tissue(®) kit, macherey-nagel, germany) and pcr was performed by using 13a and 13b primers to amplify the 116 base pair fragment of leishmania spp. specific kinetoplast dna. amastigotes were observed in 29 (53%) of the 55 samples by direct microscopy, promastigotes were detected among 34 (62%) samples in culture, and parasite-specific amplicons were revealed in 30 (55%) samples by pcr. all assays were positive in 24 patients while in 18 patients all of the tests yielded negative results. thirty-seven (67%) out of 55 cases were diagnosed as cl when reactivity in at least one of these three methods were considered as positive. accordingly the positivity rates of the methods were 78.4% (29/37) for direct microscopy, 92% (34/37) for culture and 81.1% (30/37) for pcr in cl-diagnosed patients, indicating culture as the most sensitive method. regarding the culture method as gold standard, the sensitivity and specificity of direct microscopy were calculated as 76.4% and 86%, respectively, while pcr presented with 85.3% sensitivity and 95% specificity. in conclusion, it was thought that the usage of more than one method for cl diagnosis leads to increase the sensitivity and specificity which enables the diagnosis of a wide range of patients.
prolonged pr interval on electrocardiogram – interpretation of pr prolongation depends upon age and heart rate and is >0.2 seconds in adults. it is important to note that up to one-third of children with uncomplicated streptococcal infections have a prolonged pr interval [15]. abnormal atrioventricular conduction is common in arf, with first degree block the most common abnormality observed [16]. severe first-degree block can occasionally lead to a junctional rhythm, and second-degree and complete heart block can occur (waveform 1) [17,18].additional features●
ed hypersensitivity reactions are normal physiological events. anything that alters these normal events can lead to multiple opportunistic infections. dth reactions may include, but are not limited to
65 funkhouser a.w.  kang j.a.  tan a.  li j.  zhou l.  abe m.k.   rhinovirus 16 3c protease induces interleukin-8 and granulocyte-macrophage colony-stimulating factor expression in human bronchial epithelial cells pediatr res 55 1 2004 13 18 14605258
[discrepancy between drug resistance of mycobacterium tuberculosis determined in vitro and in vivo].
penetrating middle ear injury may cause hearing loss, vertigo, or facial nerve injury, although facial nerve paralysis followed by head trauma is a rare condition. in this study, we report a case of a 3-year-old patient with delayed facial palsy on the left side that developed 4 days after an accidental tympanic membrane perforation caused by a cotton-tipped swab. otoendoscopic examination revealed a perforation in the posterosuperior quadrant of the tympanic membrane. audiometry revealed no hearing loss on the injured side, and eye movement examination did not reveal spontaneous or positional nystagmus. pre- and postcontrast t1-weighted magnetic resonance imaging demonstrated high signal intensity along the tympanic portion of the fallopian canal, which suggested that hemorrhage within the facial canal may be a cause of delayed facial palsy. it can be assumed that traumatic injury at the dehiscent facial nerve in the tympanic portion caused hematoma within the fallopian canal, resulting in delayed facial nerve palsy.
after the measurements of impedance values, semg biosignals of the same group of volunteers were acquired. as aforementioned, raw data were filtered, rectified, and smoothened before separation into two analysis windows for (a) muscle resting state and (b) isometric contraction state, as is visible in figure 8. the recorded amplitudes are in the order of hundreds of μv to very few mv, which are typical amplitudes for emg signals [43,44].
the bacterial strains were grown in lb medium at 37°c, and then the supernatants were collected at different times. the protease activity was assayed by a modified caseinolytic method. one unit (u) of protease activity was defined as the amount of enzyme needed to hydrolyze the substrate and produce 1 mg tyrosine under the assay conditions.
metastasis-associated lung adenocarcinoma transcript 1 (malat1), a known long noncoding rna, was reported to play a crucial role in follicular growth and ovarian disease. however, the physiological function of malat1 in mouse granulosa cells (mgcs) remains largely unclear. the aims of this study were to determine the biological function and molecular mechanism of malat1 in mgcs. we knocked down malat1 in mgcs by using sirna against malat1. we found that knockdown of malat1 promoted apoptosis and caspase-3/9 activities in mgcs. enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay demonstrated that knockdown of malat1 significantly decreased the production of estradiol (e2) and progesterone (p4) in mgcs. mechanistically, malat1 serves as a competing endogenous rna (cerna) to sponge microrna-205 (mir-205), thereby facilitating its downstream target of cyclic amp response element- (cre-) binding protein 1 (creb1). furthermore, creb1 overexpression or mir-205 downregulation partially recovered the effect of malat1 depletion in mgcs. in summary, these findings suggested that malat1 regulated apoptosis and estradiol synthesis of mgcs through the mir-205/creb1 axis.
rent infections, metabolic disorders, or immunocompromise in addition, the following should be noted and detailed:  interval between introduction of a drug and onset of the eruption route, dose, durat
73. ayers p.w.  jenkins s.   bond metallicity measures comput. theor. chem. 2015 1053 112 122 10.1016/j.comptc.2014.10.040
correlates to increased risk of sexual assault and sexual harassment among lgbt+ university students.
particle-into-liquid sampler on-line coupled with solid-phase extraction-liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry for the determination of organic acids in atmospheric aerosols.
collision-induced dissociation of halide ion-arginine complexes: evidence for anion-induced zwitterion formation in gas-phase arginine.
identification of any deformation (eg, metatarsus adductus) or malformations (eg, cleft lip), which may indicate the presence of a syndrome. (see "birth defects: epidemiology, types, and patterns", section on 'deformations' and "birth defects: epidemiology, types, and patterns", section on 'malformations'.)●
because neither nox-specific nor isoform-specific inhibitors for nadph oxidases are not available, nox knock-out mice are widely utilized to assess the effects of nox on stroke pathophysiology (table 2).
24 patton jc  sherman gg  coovadia ah  stevens ws  meyers tm   ultrasensitive human immunodeficiency virus type 1 p24 antigen assay modified for use on dried whole-blood spots as a reliable affordable test for infant diagnosis clin vaccine immunol 2006 13 1 152 5 16426014
performance and microbial response during the fast reactivation of anammox system by hydrodynamic stress control.
ectrolyte balance and indices of renal or hepatic function in patients with severe reactions) antibody or immunoserology tests direct cultures to investigate a primary infectious etiology or secondary
liu y  xue jy  wang b  li lb  qiu yl   the mitochondrial genomes of the early land plants treubia lacunosa  and anomodon rugelii : dynamic and conservative evolution plos one 2011 6 e25836 21998706
l care are as follows:  the ultimate goal is to identify and discontinue the offending medication if possible patients can sometimes continue to be treated through morbilliform eruptions; nevertheless
, all patients with severe morbilliform eruptions should be monitored for mucous membrane lesions, blistering, and skin sloughing treatment of a drug eruption depends on the specific type of reaction
\begin{document}$$v_e'$$\end{document} and t. see fig. 3. the vertices of \documentclass[12pt]{minimal}
twelve patients with recurrent cranial nerve palsies in whom no focal cause was found were seen during a period of 4 years. the literature is reviewed, and the relationship and similarity to tolosa-hunt syndrome is discussed. early recognition is important since the response to steroids, although not specific, is rapid in most patients, and the prognosis for complete recovery is relatively good.
(c) uas-eyfp-camkii-3′utr was expressed in the mb neurons with the mb247-gal4. intensity of fluorescence was measured in the mb γ lobe of the adult brains either wild-type (orb2+; left panel) or orb2 mutant (orb2δa; right panel) stimulated by feeding with dopamine at the indicated time intervals. p values are for h0 ftx = ft0. see table s12.
approximately 8 hours before the wasp larvae emerge, the parasitized caterpillar's food consumption significantly declines.
unusual clotted haemothorax caused by spontaneous intramural haematoma of the oesophagus: a case report.
in order to cope with the problem of insufficient lithium metal reserves, sodium ion batteries (sibs) are proposed and extensively studied for the next-generation batteries. in our work, hierarchical nico
32 selvarajah s  kaur g  haniff j  cheong kc  hiong tg  van der graaf y    comparison of the framingham risk score, score and who/ish cardiovascular risk prediction models in an asian population int j cardiol. 2014 176 211 218 25070380
ia without an obvious eruption. both calcium channel blockers and interferon are strongly associated with eczematous eruptions.  morbilliform drug eruption.   a drug-induced reaction should be conside
triplex displacement measurements were carried out in an sf61-dx2 stopped-flow fluorimeter as described previously.19,20,27 reactions were initiated by mixing equal volumes of a dna and enzyme solution with an atp solution to give final conditions of 1 nm linear dna (plus 0.5 nm tetramethylrhodamine tfo), 30 nm mtase, 120 nm hsdr, 100 μm adomet and 4 mm atp in buffer r at 25 ± 0.1 °c. lag times were estimated by fitting the profiles to a triple-exponential relationship: (2) y=a1(1−e−k1(t−tapp))+a2(1−e−k2(t−tapp))+a3(1−e−k3(t−tapp)) where kn and an are the rate and amplitude, respectively, of the nth phase and tlag is the sum of all time constants for the initiation and translocation steps.27
211. katrib a.  benadda a.  sobczak j.w.  maire g.   xps and catalytic properties of the bifunctional supported moo2 (hx )ac  on tio2  for the hydroisomerization reactions of hexanes and 1-hexene appl. catal. a gen. 2003 242 31 40 10.1016/s0926-860x(02)00500-8
in response to: prednisolone replacement therapy mimics the circadian rhythm more closely than other glucocorticoids.
as microarray technologies become routinely applied in genome laboratories for studying gene expression, it is not uncommon that experiments on identical or similar sets of genes are conducted by multiple laboratories for various functional studies of these genes. much of such data are often available to researchers for their data analysis, either through collaborators or from online gene expression databases. it will be useful to combine data from different microarray studies to improve the microarray data mining results. we show that the functional classification of genes from microarray data can be improved further by combining gene expression data from multiple microarray studies, even if the experimental focus or conditions for each experimental study may differ. however, blindly combining all available datasets may not always improve the analysis results---it is important to be selective of the datasets for inclusion. in our approach, we consider each dataset to be one feature, and then apply feature selection strategies to select appropriate datasets for training. with a simple hill-climbing method, we show that gene classification performances can be improved by whole-dataset feature selection.
susceptibility to anti-glomerular basement membrane disease is strongly associated with hla-drb1 genes.
2. armaly mf   the size and location of the normal blind spot arch ophthalmol 1969 81 2 192 201 10.1001/archopht.1969.00990010194009 5764683
as an important transcription factor, sox2 involves in embryogenesis, maintenance of stem cells and proliferation of primordial germ cell (pgc). however, little was known about its function in mature gonads. herein, we investigated the sox2 gene profiles in testis of scallop, chlamys farreri. the level of c. farreri sox2 (cf-sox2) mrna increased gradually along with gonadal development and reached the peak at mature stage, and was located in all germ cells, including spermatogonia, spermatocytes, spermatids and spermatozoa. knockdown of cf-sox2 using rnai leaded to a mass of germ cells lost, and only a few spermatogonia retained in the nearly empty testicular acini after 21 days. tunel assay showed that apoptosis occurred in spermatocytes. furthermore, transcriptome profiles of the testes were compared between cf-sox2 knockdown and normal scallops, 131,340 unigenes were obtained and 2,067 differential expression genes (degs) were identified. go and kegg analysis showed that most degs were related to cell apoptosis (casp2, casp3, casp8), cell proliferation (samd9, crebzf, iqsec1) and spermatogenesis (htt, tusc3, zmynd10, nipbl, mfge8), and enriched in p53, tnf and apoptosis pathways. our study revealed cf-sox2 is essential in spermatogenesis and testis development of c. farreri and provided important clues for better understanding of sox2 regulatory mechanisms in bivalve testis.
owing to the twin problems of eutrophication and global phosphorus (p) scarcity, the removal and recovery of phosphate from water and wastewater have received increasing attention. herein, magnetically recyclable la
liposome-based chemotherapeutics used in the treatment of breast cancer can in principle enhance the therapeutic index of otherwise unencapsulated anticancer drugs. this is partially attributed to the fact that encapsulation of cytotoxic agents within liposomes allows for increased concentrations of the drug to be delivered to the tumor site. in addition, the presence of the phospholipid bilayer prevents the encapsulated active form of the drug from being broken down in the body prior to reaching tumor tissue and also serves to minimize exposure of the drug to healthy sensitive tissue. while clinically approved liposome-based chemotherapeutics such as doxil have proven to be quite effective in the treatment of breast cancer, significant challenges remain involving poor drug transfer between the liposome and cancerous cells. in this review, we discuss the recent advancements made in the development of liposome-based chemotherapeutics with respect to improved drug transfer for use in breast cancer therapy.
simultaneous presentation of parvovirus b19 infection and systemic lupus erythematosus in a patient: description and review of the literature.
[long term results of radical cervical lymphadenectomy according to roux-berger in the treatment of cervical metastases from oral cavity neoplasms (considerations on 56 cases with more than 5 year follow-up)].
plasma and urine concentrations of trimethoprim-sulphadiazine (co-trimazine) in children given one dose per day.
this report presents pilot data on toluene misuse among roma (gypsy) youth in eastern slovakia. twenty interviews were conducted with field social workers (fsws) working in seven roma settlements with a combined population of 17,050 people. an estimated 340 chronic toluene users, mostly males (90%, n = 306), were identified in the researched communities. fsws reported that children younger than 10 years of age represented about 15% of users (n = 52) and that the majority of users (75%, n = 255) were between 10 and 25 years of age. consequences of prolonged use on individuals and communities are discussed. the study's limitations are noted.
hospital care for opioid use disorder in pregnancy: challenges and opportunities identified from a minnesota survey
the asymmetric transfer hydrogenation of heterobicyclic alkenes was accomplished by using water as the sole hydrogen source. the transformation was co-catalyzed by pd(oac)
replacement of damaged arteries and veins with vein grafts when replanting crushed, amputated fingers.
a strategically novel pd-catalyzed nucleophilic addition induced allylic alkylation reaction (naaa) of allenoates has been successfully accomplished. by judiciously integrating zncl
26 lewis j. a.  fleming j. t.   epstein h. f.  shakes d. c.   basic culture methods caenorhabditis elegans: modern biological analysis of an organism  1995 san diego, calif, usa academic press 3 29
56. lu a    a clathrin-dependent pathway leads to kras signaling on late endosomes en route to lysosomes j. cell biol. 2009 184 863 879 10.1083/jcb.200807186 19289794
increased vegf expression in the epiphyseal cartilage after ischemic necrosis of the capital femoral epiphysis . j bone miner res
methylcobalamin induces a long-lasting enhancement of the field potential in rat suprachiasmatic nucleus slices.
a heavily deformed metal contains a huge number of dislocations predominantly caught up in 'tangles' or 'forests'.
the stimulus interval-tension relation in enzymatically isolated single myocytes of the frog heart.
in this study, we use dna from up to 200‐year‐old antlers from a trophy collection to analyze the temporal evolution of a confined red deer (c. elaphus l.) population. all samples derive from a small geographical area (<10 km2), which is easily daily covered by red deer, thus representing a locality‐based population. we analyzed the change in the genetic constitution of this population over time by sampling antlers from three periods (1813–1861, 1923–1940, 2011), and evaluating ten microsatellite loci. to detect possible translocations of foreign female individuals into the population, we additionally sequenced an 800‐bp fragment of the highly variable mitochondrial control region. microsatellite loci commonly used in genetic studies utilize dna extracted from muscle tissue (kuehn et al. 2004) and have successfully been applied to old antler tissue (hoffmann and griebeler 2013). our study reveals dramatic changes in the population's gene pool over time for microsatellite loci, but none for the control region. to the best of our knowledge, our study is based on the oldest microsatellites ever used for a population study.
escherichia coli is a motile bacterium that moves up a chemoattractant gradient by performing a biased random walk composed of alternating runs and tumbles. previous models of run and tumble chemotaxis neglect one or more features of the motion, namely (a) a cell cannot directly detect a chemoattractant gradient but rather makes temporal comparisons of chemoattractant concentration, (b) rather than being entirely random, tumbles exhibit persistence of direction, meaning that the new direction after a tumble is more likely to be in the forward hemisphere, and (c) rotational brownian motion makes it impossible for an e. coli cell to swim in a straight line during a run. this paper presents an analytic calculation of the chemotactic drift velocity taking account of (a), (b) and (c), for weak chemotaxis. the analytic results are verified by monte carlo simulation. the results reveal a synergy between temporal comparisons and persistence that enhances the drift velocity, while rotational brownian motion reduces the drift velocity.
several macrophage markers were expressed both early and late in wound healing. during many inflammatory processes macrophages have been found to be polarized as m1 or m2 macrophages [21-24]. to determine the polarization of the macrophage activation, all macrophage genes whose expression changed were selected, (see additional file 2) and supervised hierarchical clustering was used to analyze the expression of these m1 and m2 macrophage genes in the pre- and post-wound samples from all 14 subjects. this information was compared to reported assignment of genes to m1 or m2 according to the literature [21,22]. two clusters of genes were identified. one cluster contained genes whose expression was increased early, on day 2, and the other genes whose expression was increased later, on days 4 and 8 (figure 6). the early cluster was made up of 18 genes and included a mix of m1 and m2 markers; eleven m1 markers and seven m2 markers. in contrast, the late expressed genes were predominantly m2 markers with nine m2 markers and one m1 marker.
dxa testing for accurate measure of bone density, emphasizing that peripheral or "screening" scanners should not be used to make clinically meaningful diagnoses, and that peripheral and central dxa scans cannot be compared to each other.
surgical outcomes of elderly patients with cervical spondylotic myelopathy: a meta-analysis of studies reporting on 2868 patients.
lipopolysaccharides (lpss) induce a wide spectrum of functional activities after interaction with blood cells. effect of structure of toxic lps from s- and re-chemotypes of e. coli and/or non-toxic lps of rhodobacter capsulatus pg (r. caps.) on activation of neutrophils and monocytes of human whole blood were studied, particularly, expression of tlr4, cd14 and cd11b receptors, phagocytosis of bioparticles alexa fluor 488, synthesis of cytokines and chemokines. a leading role of cd11b receptor in phagocytic activity of neutrophils primed by lps from various e. coli chemotypes was shown. the non-toxic lps of r. caps. does not affect the efficiency of phagocytosis activity of the neutrophils. the lps of r. caps. was shown to induce production of trif-dependent cytokine ifn-β in human whole blood leukocytes selectively, without activating myd88-dependent pathway of pro-inflammatory cytokine synthesis, displaying properties of patrial agonist of tlr4. structure and biological activity of lps r. caps. allows considering it as a promising immunity stimulating pharmacological agent.
the swedish hip arthroplasty register has proved to be an important tool for continuous monitoring of outcome after total hip replacement (thr) in sweden (herberts and malchau 1997, 2000). the registry covers all operating units. data are reported annually to the participating clinics and are available to the public on the internet. more than 14,000 primary thrs were performed in sweden in 2008 and the number is increasing every year. in 2008, about 74% were all-cemented.
the nf-kappab family of transcription factors regulates diverse cellular functions such as immune response and cell growth and development, and has been reported to be constitutively active in a variety of mammary carcinoma cell lines. however, its role in normal mammary gland development has not been addressed. in our study, we detected developmentally regulated nf-kappab activity in the mammary gland of mice. during pregnancy, dna binding activity of nf-kappab p50/p65 increased until day 16 postcoitum and decreased with the onset of lactation, most likely due to reduced p50 and p65 protein levels in the nucleus. cotransfection experiments performed with 293 cells revealed an inhibition of the prolactin receptor/jak2/stat5 pathway by nf-kappab. in hc11 cells, nf-kappab p50/p65 activity was inversely correlated with prolactin-induced stat5 tyrosine phosphorylation, expression of endogenous beta-casein gene, and of a transfected beta-casein gene promoter reporter construct. this indicates a negative cross talk between nf-kappab and the prolactin receptor/jak2/stat5 activation pathway, which occurs at the level of stat5 tyrosine phosphorylation. our results provide evidence for a role of nf-kappab in normal mammary gland development, and indicate its function as a negative regulator of beta-casein gene expression during pregnancy by interfering with stat5 tyrosine phosphorylation.
opn is essential for blastocyst implantation and placentation. previous study found that mir181a was increased while mir181b was downregulated in endometrium during decidualization. however, the information regarding their effects on decidualization in human endometrium is still limited. here, we report a novel role of opn and mir181b in uterine decidualization and pregnancy success in humans. the expression of opn was high in endometrium in secretory phase and
it is estimated that nearly 5% of the uk or usa population present with dentofacial deformities that are not amenable to orthodontic treatment requiring orthognathic surgery as a part of their definitive treatment.
fluorescent protein chromatin tagging as achieved by the lac operator/lac repressor system is useful to trace distinct chromatin domains in living eukaryotic nuclei. to interpret the data correctly, it is important to recognize influences of the tagging system on nuclear architecture of the host cells. within an arabidopsis line that carries lac operator/lac repressor/gfp transgenes, the transgene loci frequently associate with each other and with heterochromatic chromocenters. accumulation of tagged fusion protein further enhances the association frequency. independent experiments with a transgenic plant carrying another multi-copy transgene also revealed, independent of its transcriptional state, unusually high frequencies of association with each other and with heterochromatin. from these results we conclude that the lac operator/lac repressor chromatin tagging system may alter the spatial chromatin organization in the host nuclei (in particular when more than one insertion locus is present) and also that loci of homologous transgenic repeats associate more often with each other and with endogenous heterochromatin than normal euchromatic regions.
[reorganization of hospital departments. should the departments of internal medicine and surgery be replaced by smaller subspecialized departments?].
the effect of calcium impregnation on drip loss, colour, mechanical properties, sensory perception and freezing time on frozen-thawed papaya was studied, evaluating different freezing methods: cryogenic, tunnel and household freezer freezing. osmotic dehydration as pre-treatment was also evaluated. freezing in liquid nitrogen was considered an inappropriate method for papaya preservation due to cracking. calcium impregnation and osmotic dehydration increased tissue firmness and decreased freezing time (freezing time for fresh, calcium impregnated and osmo-dehydrated fruit was 23, 17 and 5 min in a tunnel and 118, 83 and 60 min in a household freezer, respectively). calcium lactate was the most effective way to protect tissue's firmness before and after a freeze-thaw cycle (maximum stress values approx. 300-400% of the raw tissue for tunnel freezing and 260% for household freezer). microstructure analysis showed better tissue integrity retention in papaya samples impregnated with calcium lactate than in those with calcium gluconate, after a freezing-thawing cycle, in agreement with the drip loss results. in spite of these results, consumers preferred frozen papaya without pre-treatment or impregnated with calcium gluconate.
the hydrogen bond environments of 1h-tetrazole and tetrazolate rings: the structural basis for tetrazole-carboxylic acid bioisosterism.
dsm-5 mixed specifier for manic episodes: evaluating the effect of depressive features on severity and treatment outcome using asenapine clinical trial data.
1. please ensure that your manuscript meets plos one's style requirements, including those for file naming. the plos one style templates can be found at
differentiation of fasciculoventricular fibers from anteroseptal accessory pathways using the surface electrocardiogram.
photoallergic reactions, a planus lichenoides reaction, pseudoporphyria, and subacute cutaneous lupus erythematosus. photosensitivity reactions may result from systemic medications and topically appl
yeast cells are well suited to visualizing organelles by 4d confocal microscopy. typically, one or more cellular compartments are labeled with a fluorescent protein or dye, and a stack of confocal sections spanning the entire cell volume is captured every few seconds. under appropriate conditions, organelle dynamics can be observed for many minutes with only limited photobleaching. images are captured at a relatively low signal-to-noise ratio and are subsequently processed to generate movies that can be analyzed and quantified. here, we describe methods for acquiring and processing 4d data using conventional scanning confocal microscopy.
insights into the mutational landscape of the human cancer genome coding regions defined about 140 distinct cancer driver genes in 2013, which approximately doubled to 300 in 2018 following advances in systems cancer biology studies [...].
fractures and their sequelae in non-dialysis-dependent chronic kidney disease: the stockholm creatinine measurement project.
little is known about the mucosal microflora of the colon and rectum at the time of elective surgery. our objective was to determine the concentrations of anaerobic and aerobic bacteria associated with the mucosa of the mechanically prepared large bowel. ten patients were studied after a standard polyethylene glycol-electrolyte lavage preparation. no patient had taken antibiotics in the preceding four weeks. sterile wire brushes passed through the colonoscope during advancement were used to culture the rectal, transverse colon, and cecal mucosa. total anaerobic, aerobic, gram-positive, and enteric bacterial counts were determined along with specific cultures for bacteroides fragilis, clostridium difficile, escherichia coli, pseudomonas aeruginosa, enterococcus, and staphylococcus species. the results showed that there was a significant increase (p < 0.01) in aerobes, anaerobes, enterics, gram positives, b. fragilis, and e. coli mucosal counts with proximal progression. aerobes showed a steady gradient, while anaerobes demonstrated an increase from the rectum to the transverse colon but no change between the transverse colon and cecum. we conclude that, in the prepared bowel, there is an increase in the mucosal bacterial counts in the more proximal portions of the bowel. the results may serve as a baseline for future studies on the mucosal-associated bacteria of the large intestine.
quantification of cyclizine and norcyclizine in human plasma by liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry (lc-ms/ms).
evaluation of the lumbar spine in patients with glycogen storage disease: ct demonstration of patterns of paraspinal muscle atrophy.
thus far, our simulations have allowed us to asses the individual influence of stiffness ratio () and bond-breaking rate () on the de-adhesion response. now we study their collective influence and identify different regimes where each of these parameters play a dominant role. from the computed de-adhesion profiles, two time constants – and –were extracted, so that we could quantitatively study their dependence on  and . while  is the time needed to reach ,  is the time required to reach  from . even though we see in previous section that de-adhesion time scales are sensitive to both  and , the extend to which  and  depend on  and  remains unclear. to get some insights,  and  were plotted for increasing values of  for  =  (red points) and  (blue points) (figs. 5(a) and (b)). irrespective of the choice of , increase in  led to faster de-adhesion with fastest de-adhesion time scales of  and , respectively. under certain limiting conditions for the parameters  and , we were able to obtain approximate closed form expressions for  and . they are plotted as lines in the respective plots to demonstrate their accuracy of fitting. in the regime  and , the expression  (red line, fig. 5(a)) is seen to be a very good estimate of . the corresponding expression for  is given by  and works well for  (red line, fig. 5(b)). for very low values of ,  is given by solution of the equation  (fig. 5(a), blue line) and follows the computed solution very closely. for large ,  converges to  irrespective of  (fig. 5(b), blue line).
4 song z  rose s  safran d  landon be  day mp  chernew me   changes in healthcare spending and quality 4 years into global
energy intake, weight gain, carcass composition, plasma hormones and fuels, hepatic metabolites and the activities of phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase (pepck), malic enzyme, and glucose 6-phosphate dehydrogenase (g6p-dh) were examined in adult rats during a 44-day period of low fat, high carbohydrate (lf) feeding or of consumption of one or two high (70% metabolizable energy) fat diets composed of 63% (metabolizable energy) long-chain (lct) or medium-chain (mct) triglycerides. energy intake was similar in the lct and mct groups but was less than that of lf group. the weight gain of rats fed mct diet was 30% less than that of rats fed lf or lct diets. energy retention was less when the diet provided mct than lct or lf, and that resulted in a 60% decrease in the daily lipids deposition. plasma glucose, free fatty acids, glycerol, and insulin/glucagon ratio were similar in the three groups. blood ketone body (kb) concentrations in rats fed the high fat diets were extremely elevated, particularly in the mct group, but declined throughout the experiment and by the 44th day hyperketonemia decreased by 50% but remained higher than in the lf diet. the blood beta-hydroxybutyrate/acetoacetate (b/a) ratio remained slightly elevated in rats fed the high fat diets. similar changes were observed in liver kb concentration and in the b/a ratio. liver lactate/pyruvate ratio elevated in the lct and mct groups at the initiation of the diets decreased by 50% at the end of the experiment. the consumption of high fat diets led to a 1.5-fold increase in liver pepck activity.(abstract truncated at 250 words)
side effects of an antituberculous five-drug regimen: ethionamide, cycloserine, pyrazinamide, viomycin and isoniazid.
8 robertson rm  wood aj  vaughn wk  robertson d   exacerbation of vasotonic angina pectoris by propranolol circulation 1982 65 281 285 6797752
prognostic factors and clinical characteristics for hepatocellular carcinoma patients with benign enlarged perihepatic lymph nodes: a single-center experience from china.
[in vitro cotransfer human multidrug resistance gene (mdr-1) and dihydrofolate reductase gene (dhfr) into human cd(34)(+) progenitor cells to broaden the spectrum of drug resistance].
ruddlesden-popper (rp) phases are a type of perovskite structure that consists of two-dimensional perovskite-like slabs interleaved with cations.
coupling of heterotrimeric g proteins to activated g protein-coupled receptors results in nucleotide exchange on the gα subunit, which in turn decreases its affinity for both gβγ and activated receptors. n-terminal myristoylation of gα subunits aids in membrane localization of inactive g proteins. despite the presence of the covalently attached myristoyl group, gα proteins are highly soluble after gtp binding. this study investigated factors facilitating the solubility of the activated, myristoylated protein. in doing so, we also identified myristoylation-dependent differences in regions of gα known to play important roles in interactions with receptors, effectors, and nucleotide binding. amide hydrogen-deuterium exchange and site-directed fluorescence of activated proteins revealed a solvent-protected amino terminus that was enhanced by myristoylation. furthermore, fluorescence quenching confirmed that the myristoylated amino terminus is in proximity to the switch ii region in the activated protein. myristoylation also stabilized the interaction between the guanine ring and the base of the α5 helix that contacts the bound nucleotide. the allosteric effects of myristoylation on protein structure, function, and localization indicate that the myristoylated amino terminus of gα(i) functions as a myristoyl switch, with implications for myristoylation in the stabilization of nucleotide binding and in the spatial regulation of g protein signaling.
and hydrogen peroxide damage cell membranes and dna. signal transduction pathways that lead to the production of proinflammatory cytokines and arachidonic acid metabolites are also activated. the res
glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (gdnf) is widely recognized as a survival factor for dopaminergic neurons, but gdnf has also been shown to promote development, differentiation, and protection of other central nervous system neurons and was thought to play an important role in various neuropsychiatric disorders. severe mood disorders, such as primarily major depressive disorder and bipolar affective disorder, attract particular attention. these psychopathologies are characterized by structural alterations accompanied by the dysregulation of neuroprotective and neurotrophic signaling mechanisms required for the maturation, growth, and survival of neurons and glia. the main objective of this review is to summarize the recent findings and evaluate the potential role of gdnf in the pathogenesis and treatment of mood disorders. specifically, it describes (1) the implication of gdnf in the mechanism of depression and in the effect of antidepressant drugs and mood stabilizers and (2) the interrelation between gdnf and brain neurotransmitters, playing a key role in the pathogenesis of depression. this review provides converging lines of evidence that (1) brain gdnf contributes to the mechanism underlying depressive disorders and the effect of antidepressants and mood stabilizers and (2) there is a cross-talk between gdnf and neurotransmitters representing a feedback system: gdnf-neurotransmitters and neurotransmitters-gdnf.
a certain class of photonic crystals with conical dispersion is known to behave as isotropic zero-refractive-index medium. however, the discrete building blocks in such photonic crystals are limited to construct multidirectional devices, even for high-symmetric photonic crystals. here, we show multidirectional emission from low-symmetric photonic crystals with semi-dirac dispersion at the zone center. we demonstrate that such low-symmetric photonic crystal can be considered as an effective anisotropic zero-refractive-index medium, as long as there is only one propagation mode near dirac frequency. four kinds of dirac multidirectional emitters are achieved with the channel numbers of five, seven, eleven, and thirteen, respectively. spatial power combination for such kind of dirac directional emitter is also verified even when multiple sources are randomly placed in the anisotropic zero-refractive-index photonic crystal.
this study was designed to evaluate the effects of babesia ovis infection on concentrations of some essential acute phase proteins (apps) including albumin, fibrinogen, serum amyloid a, haptoglobin, and ceruloplasmin as well as total, protein-binding, and lipid-binding sialic acids (tsa, pbsa, and lbsa) and two crucial cytokines including interferon-γ (ifn-γ) and tumor necrosis factor-α (tnf-α). some hematological parameters also were evaluated. furthermore, any probable correlation among the apps, sas, ifn-γ, and tnf-α was calculated. a total of 420 marghoz and raeini goats with the ages of 1-3 years old from the north and northwest of iran were examined, and 17 goats confirmed to be infected with b. ovis by both routine microscopic examination of blood films and molecular assays. as the control, 17 healthy goats were included. the results revealed a significant decrease (p < 0.05) in erythrocyte count, hemoglobin level, and pack cell volume as well as a nonsignificant increase in white blood cell count in the diseased animals compared with the control. additionally, all the apps, sas, and cytokines were remarkably higher in the infected animals than the uninfected ones, except for albumin, which was significantly lower. moreover, a strong and positive correlation was detected among the parameters mentioned above, except for albumin, which was inversely correlated with the other parameters. in conclusion, b. ovis infection is associated with the induction of severe inflammatory reactions in goats, and both sa and app are significantly involved in the pathophysiology of the disease.
among pancreatic intraductal papillary neoplasms, gastric, intestinal, and pancreatobiliary intraductal papillary mucinous neoplasm (ipmn), intraductal oncocytic papillary neoplasm (iopn), and intraductal tubulopapillary neoplasm (itpn) have been defined, differing regarding association with invasive carcinoma and prognosis. immunohistochemistry (ihc) can help in the distinction of these neoplasms, but a proportion is unclassifiable using recommended markers. hence, additional markers useful for the typing of pancreatic intraductal papillary neoplasms are needed. the reported frequencies of the different types of ipmns in surgical series vary to some extent, and such data based on danish patients are currently lacking. besides, the role of mismatch repair (mmr) deficiency in these neoplasms has not been fully elucidated. we aimed to evaluate the frequency of different types of pancreatic intraductal papillary neoplasms in a danish cohort. furthermore, we aimed to examine the utility of cd117, ck17, ck20, muc4, and villin as markers for their distinction, in addition to the recommended markers muc1, muc2, muc5ac, muc6 and cdx2, and to evaluate the frequency of mmr deficiency. we typed 40 consecutively resected pancreatic intraductal papillary neoplasms according to the who criteria from 2019. ihc for cd117, cdx2, ck17, ck20, mlh1, msh2, msh6, muc1 (h23), muc1 (ma695), muc2, muc4, muc5ac, muc6, pms2, and villin was performed and evaluated using a five-tiered semiquantitative scale. a subset of the tumours was examined with pcr for microsatellite instability (msi). most tumours were intestinal (40 %) and gastric (40 %) ipmns, followed by pancreatobiliary (17 %) ipmns and iopn (3 %). all cases were mmr proficient. we found a higher expression of muc4, ck20 and villin in intestinal compared to gastric ipmns (p < 0.01, p < 0.001 and p < 0.001). muc4 was more strongly expressed in intestinal compared to pancreatobiliary ipmns, while the opposite was found for ck17 (p < 0.05 and p < 0.05). iopn showed strong cd117 expression (score 4), while all gastric ipmns were negative and 50 % and 29 % of intestinal and pancreatobiliary ipmns only showed weak expression (score 1). our data suggest that ck20, muc4 and villin may aid in the identification of intestinal ipmns, while ck17 and cd117 may aid in the identification of pancreatobiliary ipmns and iopn, in some cases. however, additional studies evaluating these markers in pancreatic intraductal papillary neoplasms are needed.
impact of prehospital medical evacuation (medevac) transport time on combat mortality in patients with non-compressible torso injury and traumatic amputations: a retrospective study.
an inactivated hand-foot-and-mouth disease vaccine using the enterovirus 71 (c4a) strain isolated from a korean patient induces a strong immunogenic response in mice.
14 schlosser k  veit ja  witte s    comparison of total parathyroidectomy without autotransplantation and without thymectomy versus total parathyroidectomy with autotransplantation and with thymectomy for secondary hyperparathyroidism: topar pilot-trial trials 2007 8 22 17877805
hypertension in primary hyperparathyroidism (hpt) was previously attributed to hypercalcemia per se or to impaired kidney function. of 441 consecutive patients operated on for hpt over 24 years, 57% were hypertensive. preoperative blood pressure remained fairly constant during the study period, despite otherwise markedly changing clinical picture with, latterly, more asymptomatic patients. the preoperative systolic blood pressure (sbp) was significantly correlated to both serum calcium (p less than 0.001) and serum creatinine (p less than 0.05), but not when the influence of age was taken into account in a multiple regression analysis. other pathogenetic factors in hypertension were therefore probable. when the statistical analysis was adjusted for differences in age and serum calcium, blood pressure was lower in the hpt patients with parathyroid hyperplasia than in those with adenoma (153 +/- 31/90 +/- 14 vs. 163 +/- 29/91 +/- 14 mmhg, p less than 0.01 for sbp). the concept that parathyroid hyperplasia represents a mild (early) form of hpt that may precede adenoma formation is corroborated by our observations, which also indicate that there is no simple cause-and-effect relationship accounting for hypertension in primary hpt.
execuvet is a privately run south african veterinary and scientific consulting company that is on contract to ecohealth alliance to conduct the day-to-day field work on the understanding rift valley fever in republic of south africa project as funded by dtra (and reported in the funding statement). this does not alter our adherence to journal policies on sharing data and materials.
14. grady rm    skeletal and cardiac myopathies in mice lacking utrophin and dystrophin: a model for duchenne muscular dystrophy cell 1997 90 729 738 10.1016/s0092-8674(00)80533-4 9288752
increase in hla-g1 proteolytic shedding by tumor cells: a regulatory pathway controlled by nf-kappab inducers.
[eye enucleation in the treatment of malignant neoplasms of the nasal cavity and paranasal sinuses].
gh mortality is rare, drug-induced photosensitivity can cause significant morbidity in some individuals, who must severely limit their exposure to natural or artificial light. voriconazole photosensit
11. sparavigna a.  setaro m.  gualandri v.   cutaneous ph in children affected by atopic dermatitis and in healthy children: a multicenter study skin res. technol. 1999 5 221 227 10.1111/j.1600-0846.1999.tb00134.x
structured telephone surveys were conducted. survey questions addressed individuals' experience with children, knowledge of child development, and opinions about child care and children's issues. parents of children under 14 years of age were asked additional questions about their parenting strategies, information gathering strategies, and parent morale.
heart rate, vocalizations and slips and falls have been used as non-invasive measures and indicators of stress levels in pigs. heart rates of pigs in this study were similar to other studies which invoked stress in young pigs (white et al., 1995; webster and jones, 1998; rault et al., 2015). garcia and mcglone (2015) found that heart rate of pigs (70 to 120 kg bw) being loaded was greater when the ramp slope was 10 or 20° compared to 0°, in the summer, but not different in the winter. similarly, garcia and mcglone (2015) found an increase in cumulative slips, falls, and vocalizations (combined to form a score because the incidence of each was so infrequent) for weanling pigs when the slope of the ramp increased and no bedding was provided. previous studies have used vocalizations to assess animal welfare and stress levels when pigs were given electric shocks (düpjan et al., 2008) or castrated (sutherland et al., 2010). schrader and todt (1998) have associated vocalizations with increased concentrations of adrenaline. animal welfare audits and guidelines, including the one by grandin (2003) used by the american meat institute, allow very low rates of vocalizations and slips or falls during loading, unloading, and handling of animals to pass the audit.
we investigated the mechanism of impaired serum opsonic activity in patients suffering from chronic renal failure (crf). prehemodialysis pooled serum from crf patients was fractionated using sephadex g-50 gel chromatography, and the effects of the obtained fractions on serum opsonic activity were examined using luminol-dependent chemiluminescence responses. number 25-30 fractions in the prehemodialysis serum contained factors that may inhibit serum opsonic activity. the presumed molecular weight of these fractions is between 300 and 2800 daltons. these findings indicate that the inhibitory factors of serum opsonic activity may belong to middle molecules.
use of tumor necrosis factor-alpha-coated gold nanoparticles to enhance radiofrequency ablation in a translational model of renal tumors.
we thank our staff, field workers, and study participants in bangladesh without whom this work would not have been possible.
medical imaging derived cardiac biomechanical models offer a wealth of new information to be used in diagnosis and prognosis of cardiovascular disease. a noteworthy feature of such models is the ability to predict myofiber contraction stresses during acute or chronic ischemic events. current techniques for heterogeneous contraction models require tissue motion tracking capabilities which are neither available on all imaging modalities, nor currently used in the clinic. proposed in this article is a proof of concept of a tissue tracking independent technique focused on shape optimization to predict the contraction stresses of in-silico left ventricle models simulating various acute myocardial infarction events. the technique involves three variables defined in the left ventricle muscle. two of the variables represent the contraction stresses in the healthy and infarct regions while the third is a novel periinfarct variable defining a non-contracting myofiber state allowing finer classification of local myofiber damage. results indicate that the contraction stress reconstruction errors are overall smaller than 12% when considering standard errors associated with population modelling for the new variable of interest.
the clinical interview schedule-revised (cis-r),[30] obsessions and compulsions subsection was used to identify ocd. the cis-r-19 is a standardized semi-structured interview to assess the current mental state of subjects in primary care and community settings.[31] although this is a semi-structured interview, we employed it as a self-administered questionnaire, as was done in an earlier study on adolescents.[27] before administering the ocd section, all students in the class were explained by a mental health professional how to rate the responses and clarified doubts if any. the ocd subsection of cis-r has eight questions each for obsessions and compulsions in the preceding 1 week. one point is assigned for each of the following criteria: (1) symptoms present 4 or more days, (2) respondent tried to stop obsessions or compulsions, (3) upset/annoyed by obsessions or compulsions, and (4) obsessions lasting at least 15 min or compulsions performed at least three times. the total score is 8 (4 each for obsessions and compulsions). the algorithm to diagnose icd-10ocd required symptoms of 2 weeks or longer, at least one thought or act resisted, and an overall score of 4 for obsessions or compulsions if accompanied by social impairment or a total score of at least 6 if not accompanied by social impairment.[31]
the dose responsiveness of selected physiologic indices was studied in a sheep model of smoke inhalation injury. in this model, graded severity of injury was achieved by changing the contact time with smoke (defined by "unit"), whereas other variables were kept constant. blood gas and cardiopulmonary indices were measured in 70 sheep, including 12 controls, either 24 or 72 hours after exposure to 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, or 18 units of smoke. a 12-unit dose of smoke was fatal within 72 hours and an 18-unit dose was fatal within 24 hours. the best correlation between smoke dose and response was observed in arterial oxygen tension 24 hours after exposure. at 24 hours, most of the cardiopulmonary indices showed significant change only after a 12-unit exposure. although the exact shape of the dose-response curve could not be defined, sigmoid or curved linear shape was suggested, reflecting the progressive deterioration.
effects of timolol, indomethacin, and mk-571 on bronchoconstriction to infused leukotriene d4 in guinea pigs.
the buffer solution of gnp with diameters of 10 nm and 30 nm was initially changed from pbs to methanol for the separation process using a centrifuge. 300 μl of 2maa was added to 1 ml of gnp solution and reacted for 12 hr. this mixture was washed with pure methanol more than three times, and the 2maa-modified gnp was then dissolved in hepes buffer for the deposition process on metalloprotein. 1 ml qd in chloroform precipitated from toluene with methanol was reacted with 300 μl of 2maa for 24 hr. this mixture was washed with methanol more than three times and finally dissolved in hepes buffer.
this paper establishes that there is a need to turn to virtue ethics in dealing with the covid-19 pandemic. it argues that the virtue of solidarity can be a companion virtue to compassion for medical frontline workers and other individuals involved. like compassion, the virtue of solidarity is a reminder that everyone is in this crisis together and that each is responsible for all.
the precise origins and fates of cells forming the epithelial ball and those contained within the somitocoele at the centre of the somite in the chick embryo are unknown. in particular, it is not known whether the progeny of the proliferating cells in both the epithelial ball and the somitocoele simply mix with each other, or whether they represent two separate populations that remain isolated during proliferation. we tested whether cells found in both of these locations are the result of cell migration, cell division or both. to do this, we injected single cells in both the epithelial ball and the somitocoele with lysinated fluorescein dextran, a molecule that can only be transferred to other cells through cell division, and observed their development over the next 24 h. control experiments were also performed to assess the incidence of error associated with the microinjection method and to provide reliable and valid comparative data. our results showed that the progeny of the cells in the somitocoele, as well as any non-proliferating cells, appear to remain in the somitocoele. in contrast, the progeny of the cells in the epithelial ball either remain in the epithelial ball or migrate into the somitocoele to mix freely with the other cells present. these results suggest that the cells in the epithelial ball and the somitocoele develop as discrete groups, with the possibility of diverse fates accompanying further development.
a technique for accurate background subtraction in 99tcm-dtpa renography is described. the technique is based on a multiple regression analysis of the renal curves and separate heart and soft tissue curves which together represent background activity. it is compared, in over 100 renograms, with a previously described linear regression technique. results show that the method provides accurate background subtraction, even in very poorly functioning kidneys, thus enabling relative renal filtration and excretion to be accurately estimated.
in nine subfamilies including the more frequently observable bombyliinae and anthracinae, the females often do not land at all during host burrow inspections, and will proceed to release their eggs from midair by quick flicks of the abdomen while hovering over the burrow's entrance.
when legally required mutagenicity testing of chemicals is undertaken, the important genetic end point of aneuploidy is not included because validated test methods are lacking. therefore, the commission of the european communities (cec) has funded a research program to develop and validate tests for aneuploidy induction. ten chemicals, selected on the basis of their ability to interact with cell organelles relevant for aneuploidy induction, were tested in 11 laboratories. the assays ranged from in vitro tubulin assembly studies to in vivo germ-cell tests. the results allow several conclusions: a) fungal aneuploidy tests are not capable of detecting inhibitors of mammalian tubulin polymerization such as colchicine and vinblastine. therefore, they will not play a role in screening for aneuploidy but are of value for studying the relationship between induced aneuploidy and recombination. b) chemicals that induce aneuploidy in mammalian germ cells are readily detected in the in vitro mammalian cell systems. some chemicals such as thiabendazole and thimerosal induce aneuploidy in vitro but do not appear to be very effective in vivo. c) cell division aberrations induced in mammalian cells in vitro seem to be predictive for aneuploidy induction in the same cell type. likewise, c-mitotic effects and cell cycle delay in vivo in mitotic and meiotic cells correlate with aneuploidy induction in the respective tissue. a second cec aneuploidy program has started recently to refine the most promising test protocols, to provide understanding of variety of mechanisms by which chemicals induce aneuploidy, and to establish a data base for aneugens among environmental pollutants.
a series of pt(iv) prodrugs has been obtained by oxidative halogenation of either cisplatin or carboplatin. iodobenzene dichloride is a general reagent that cleanly provides prodrugs bearing axial chlorides without the need to prepare intervening pt(iv) intermediates or handle chlorine gas. elemental bromine and iodine afford pt(iv) compounds as well, although in the case of the iodine-mediated oxidation of carboplatin, an amido-bridged pt(iv) side product also formed. a detailed analysis of the changes in spectroscopic and structural parameters induced by varying the axial halide is presented. a number of recurring motifs are observed in the solid state structures of these compounds.
this paper provides a review of the literature dealing with the psychological reactions of individuals and groups to disaster. the paper was intended for use by a broad readership and serves both as an introduction to the field as well as a resource document for workers already engaged in disaster planning and training. characteristic stages of human response to disaster situations are discussed as well as the specific immediate reactions of individuals and groups. phenomena such as "scapegoating," long-term reactions, reactions of rescue and relief personnel, psychological first aid, and disaster planning, are among the other topics examined.
world health organization the global burden of disease, 2004 update http://www.who.int/healthinfo/global_burden_disease/gbd_report_2004update_full.pdfretrieved 21 december 2009 from
5 berman hm  westbrook j  feng z  gilliland g  bhat tn  weissig h    the protein data bank nucleic acids res 2000 28 235 42 10.1093/nar/28.1.235 10592235
loss of color of vision out of proportion to the loss of visual acuity is specific to optic nerve pathology. abnormal color vision by ishihara plates was found in 88 percent of involved eyes in the ontt; this increased to 94 percent with the more sensitive farnsworth-munsell 100 hue test [7].●
insertion of an epicardial pacemaker is a useful treatment for pediatric patients with an abnormal heart rhythm. however, there are limitations and concerns when implanting epicardial pacemakers in infants and neonates due to their small body size. we report a patient who experienced rare complications after implantation of a permanent pacemaker.
characterization of the binding of [3h]l-158,809: a new potent and selective nonpeptide angiotensin ii receptor (at1) antagonist radioligand.
sexual reflexes in male rats: restoration by ejaculation following suppression by penile sheath removal.
collaborative cross consortium  , 2012  the genome architecture of the collaborative cross mouse genetic reference population.
the association between weight history and glucose intolerance was examined in a cross-sectional study consisting of 3,128 swedish men aged 35-56 years, 52 percent of whom had a family background of diabetes mellitus. oral glucose tolerance testing detected 55 cases of type 2 (non-insulin-dependent) diabetes and 172 cases of impaired glucose tolerance. among men with no family history of diabetes, the estimated odds ratios for impaired glucose tolerance associated with short (<5 years) and long (> or =10 years) durations of obesity (body mass index (weight (kg)/height2 (m2) > or =25.0) were 1.3 (95% confidence interval (ci) 0.2-7.7) and 11.8 (95% ci 3.3-41.9), respectively. among men with a family history of diabetes, the odds ratios were 2.0 (95% ci 0.8-4.7) and 4.0 (95% ci 1.8-9.1), respectively. corresponding estimates of the odds of type 2 diabetes, adjusted for family history of diabetes, were 1.9 (95% ci 0.5-7.1) and 7.3 (95% ci 2.2-23.7), respectively. the odds of high (> or =30.0 mu/liter) fasting insulin levels in subjects with impaired glucose tolerance were 6.9 (95% ci 0.6-74.2) and 21.0 (95% ci 2.1-206.4) for short and long durations of obesity, respectively. corresponding estimated odds of low 2-hour insulin response (< or =71.9 mu/liter) were 0.7 (95% ci 0.2-2.9) and 3.3 (95% ci 1.2-8.9). homeostasis model assessment of insulin resistance yielded an odds ratio of 6.7 (95% ci 0.6-73.4) for a short duration of obesity and 20.0 (95% ci 2.0-200.6) for a long duration. examination of beta-cell function with homeostasis model assessment resulted in odds ratios of 0.2 (95% ci 0.0-1.6) and 2.0 (95% ci 0.7-5.4) for short and long durations of obesity, respectively. these data indicate that obesity decreases glucose tolerance by way of progressively increased insulin resistance and, in the case of prolonged duration, by decreased insulin secretion as well.
it has been shown that graphene exhibits unique electronic, thermal, mechanical, and optical properties. in particular, due to its gapless band structure and linear dispersion relation around the dirac points, graphene exhibits a strong nonlinear optical response, which has been theoretically predicted to depend on the number of graphene layers. in this letter, we experimentally validate the theoretical predictions by probing multilayer graphene χ(3) nonlinearities. the intensity of the four-wave mixing signal is observed to grow monotonically as a function of the number of graphene layers, up to a maximum intensity corresponding to ∼32 layers, after which it decreases, well in agreement with theoretical predictions.
[therapeutic effect of excision of hypomere esophagus and proximal stomach on portal hypertension and upper gastrointestinal bleeding].
https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7501-8369domińska kamila 1* https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6067-4064kowalska karolina 2 https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5476-8432urbanek kinga anna 2 https://orcid.org/0000-0002-0699-7441habrowska-górczyńska dominika ewa 2 ochędalski tomasz 1 https://orcid.org/0000-0001-7462-8528piastowska ciesielska agnieszka wanda 2 1 department of comparative endocrinology, medical university of lodz, zeligowskiego 7/9, 90-752 lodz, poland; tomasz.ochedalski@umed.lodz.pl
schools and health: an essential partnership for the effective care of children with chronic conditions.
the purpose of this retrospective case series was to describe adolescent psychiatric emergencies precipitated by the 2020 coronavirus (sars-cov-2; covid-19) pandemic. this study used a sample of adolescents admitted to a safety net psychiatric hospital in los angeles, california between march and may 2020. medical records and involuntary psychiatric holds were reviewed to determine if the events precipitating the psychiatric crisis were related to the pandemic (eligible n = 14). covid-19-precipitated admissions were 24% of total admissions from march 15 to may 31, 2020; however, total admissions during this time period were reduced from the same time period in prior years. most hospitalizations were precipitated by shelter-in-place stressors for adolescents with a psychiatric history, but for 28.6% of the sample, this was their first mental health encounter. the covid-19 pandemic and corresponding shelter-in-place orders may precipitate psychiatric emergencies among adolescents with and without existing mental health disorders. [journal of psychosocial nursing and mental health services, xx(x), xx-xx.].
the homo and lumo of oxy‐3 have primary electronic distributions at the (6‐dimethylaminonaphtalenyl) and 2‐ethenyl‐1,3‐thiazolone moieties, respectively (figure 4), indicating that the homo–lumo transition of oxy‐3 also has charge‐transfer character. thus, the s1 state of oxy‐3 also has polarized character. the environment surrounding the excited oxy‐3 in ppy luciferase will be more polar than that surrounding the excited oxy‐2, resulting in the red‐shifted λ
we report the results of a bilingual continuous recognition memory task during which single- and multi-neuron activity was recorded in human subjects with intracranial microwire implants. subjects (n = 5) were right-handed spanish-english bilinguals who were undergoing evaluation prior to surgery for severe epilepsy. subjects were presented with spanish and english words and the task was to determine whether any given word had been seen earlier in the testing session, irrespective of the language in which it had appeared. recordings in the left and right hippocampus revealed notable laterality, whereby both spanish and english items that had been seen previously in the other language (switch trials) triggered increased neural firing in the left hippocampus. items that had been seen previously in the same language (repeat trials) triggered increased neural firings in the right hippocampus. these results are consistent with theories that propose roles of both the left- and right-hemisphere in real-time linguistic processing. importantly, this experiment presents the first instance of intracranial recordings in bilinguals performing a task with switching demands.
leukotrienes c4 and d4 and thromboxane a2 are potent vasoconstrictors that may mediate pulmonary vasoconstriction in many clinical situations. there is a complex interaction among leukotrienes and thromboxane a2, because inhibition of thromboxane synthesis prevents some of the hemodynamic effects of exogenous leukotrienes. similarly, if leukotrienes mediate thromboxane a2-induced pulmonary vasoconstriction, then leukotriene antagonists should attenuate the effects of a thromboxane a2-mimetic such as u46619. first, dose response curves for the hemodynamic effects of u46619 were performed on seven spontaneously breathing newborn lambs. then a putative leukotriene receptor antagonist, fpl57231, 1 mg/kg/min, or a putative leukotriene synthesis antagonist, u60257, 30 mg/kg, was given before infusing u46619 (1 microgram/kg/min). u46619 caused significant dose-dependent increases in pulmonary and systemic arterial pressures (p less than 0.05) and significant dose-dependent decreases in cardiac output and heart rate (p less than 0.05). a 1 microgram/kg/min infusion of u46619 increased pulmonary arterial pressure by 155.4% +/- 8.9 and systemic arterial pressure by 8.9% +/- 7.7 and decreased cardiac output by 19.7% +/- 12.2 and heart rate by 9.9% +/- 10.6. fpl57231 attenuated the effects of u46619. u60257 had similar effects. therefore, the hemodynamic effects of thromboxane a2, an important mediator of the pulmonary vasoconstriction produced, for example, by group b streptococci and escherichia coli, may be mediated by the secondary production of leukotrienes.
reversibility of a dehydrogenation/hydrogenation catalytic reaction has been an elusive target for homogeneous catalysis. in this report, reversible acceptorless dehydrogenation of secondary alcohols and diols on iron pincer complexes and reversible oxidative dehydrogenation of primary alcohols/reduction of aldehydes with separate transfer of protons and electrons on iridium complexes are shown. this reactivity suggests a strategy for the development of reversible fuel cell electrocatalysts for partial oxidation (dehydrogenation) of hydroxyl-containing fuels.
a series of 3-o-derivatives of 1,2,5,6-di-o-isopropylidene-alpha-d-glucofuranose were prepared and tested for their pharmacological activity in comparison with tribenoside, a well known drug structurally related, and with other anti-inflammatory agents. almost all the compounds had a very low toxicity and few of them showed a notable antiinflammatory and antipyretic activity and were able to clearly decrease the venous wall permeability.
10.1371/journal.pone.0019755.g003figure 3 relative expression of f. fragum clock genes over the diel light cycle:
collagen has previously been demonstrated to be anti-angiogenic in a number of assays [21], [22]. in our organotypic model, increasing relative concentration of collagen in the gel adversely affected endothelial cells' survival. similarly, increasing the collagen proportion in the embedding aortic rings gel, we observed a significant reduction in sprouts. thus, rather than an overall biological pro-angiogenic effect from the psc secretome as demonstrated by the aortic ring angiogenesis assays, psc may play a dynamic influence on pancreatic cancer vascularisation, by modulating the ecm to spatio-temporally to influence the vascular network.
proteases are involved in many biological processes and have become important tools in biomedical research and industry. technologies for engineering and characterization of, for example, proteolytic activity and specificity are essential in protease research. here, we present a novel method for assessment of site-specific proteolysis. the assay utilizes plasmid-encoded reporters that, upon processing by a co-expressed protease, confer antibiotic resistance to bacteria in proportion to the cleavage efficiency. we have demonstrated that cells co-expressing cleavable reporters together with tobacco etch virus protease (tevp) could be discriminated from cells with non-cleavable reporters by growth in selective media. importantly, the resistance to antibiotics proved to correlate with the substrate processing efficiency. thus, by applying competitive growth of a mock library in antibiotic-containing medium, we could show that the substrate preferred by tevp was enriched relative to less-efficient substrates. we believe that this simple methodology will facilitate protease substrate identification, and hold great promise for directed evolution of proteases and protease recognition sequences towards improved or even new functionality.
целью настоящего исследования явилось изучение возможности использования психодиагностического инструментария для превентивной диагностики приверженности больных к лечению в процессе медицинской реабилитации. в статье представлен обзор доступных литературных источников по заявленной проблеме. в качестве значимых факторов превентивной диагностики приверженности к терапии обозначаются устойчивые и динамические особенности личности больного с хронической патологией, текущее психоэмоциональное состояние, а также интеллектуально-мотивационная готовность к активному и осознанному участию в реабилитационном процессе. в работе приведены данные о психометрических характеристиках основных методических средств, которые могут быть использованы для диагностики указанных параметров. отмечается необходимость проведения как нейропсихологического исследования состояния высших психических функций, так и формального стандартного тестирования и клинической беседы с психологом для выяснения степени готовности пациента к конструктивному вовлечению в процесс реабилитации.
this changing fsr develops a new set of resonances with the frequency comb as the scan proceeds, effectively scanning through the sets of 'filtered out' peaks of the frequency comb.
the research was carried out on mice of the swiss strain in the following groups: after a single dose od cyclophosphamide (cy--300 mg/kg), after the administration of sheep erythrocytes (2 x 10(8) into the pads of hind feet and on animals sheep erythrocytes were given to on the fourth days after the cy administration. on the days following the administration of cy, a histological evaluation of the popliteal lymph nodes was performed. the total number of peripheral blood lymphocytes and the number of ea and eac-rosette forming lymphocytes in lymph nodes and peripheral blood was established. the results made it possible to state, that cy causes a selective lymphocyte depletion of the lymph node lymphoid cell in the cortical areas (thymus independent), which effect was the strongest on the fourth day after the cy injection. the administration of sheep erythrocytes during this period caused changes characteristic for the immunological response in lymph nodes and in peripheral blood. those changes, as observed in the examined parameters, were less intensified than in animals not treated with cy.
toll-like receptors (tlrs) are a family of pattern-recognition receptors that recognize microbial components and initiate subsequent immune responses. tlr7 and tlr8 recognize single-stranded (ss)rna and initiate innate immune responses. moreover, several small-molecule compounds have been identified as tlr7 and tlr8 activators. we determined the crystal structures of unliganded and ligand-induced activated human tlr8 dimers. upon ligand stimulation, the tlr8 dimer was reorganized such that the two c-termini were brought into proximity. ligand binding induces reorganization of the tlr8 dimer, which enables downstream signaling processes. to elucidate how tlr8 recognizes its natural ligand, ssrna, as well as how the receptor can be activated by ssrna that is structurally and chemically very different from the chemical ligands, we performed crystallographic studies of tlr8 in complex with ssrna. tlr8 recognizes, at distinct sites, uridine and small oligonucleotides derived from the degradation of ssrna. uridine bound the site on the dimerization interface where small chemical ligands are recognized, whereas short oligonucleotides bound a newly identified site. based on structural information, new compounds have been developed. we describe the crystal structure of a newly developed agonist, c2-butyl furo[2,3-c]quinolone.
olfactory morphology of carcharhinid and sphyrnid sharks: does the cephalofoil confer a sensory advantage?
a time-motion study of the activities of attending physicians in an internal medicine and internal medicine-pediatrics resident continuity clinic.
aging often leads to cognitive decline due to neurodegenerative process in the brain. as people live longer, there exists a growing concern linked to long-term, slowly debilitating diseases, such as alzheimer's disease for which a cure has not yet been found. recently, the role of neuroinflammation has attracted attention due to its slow onset, chronic nature and its possible role in the development of many different neurodegenerative diseases. in the future, treatment of chronic neuroinflammation may help counteract aspects of neurodegenerative disease. our recent studies have focused upon the endocannabinoid system for its unique effects on the expression of neuroinflammation. the basis for the manipulation of the endocannabinoid system in the brain in combination with existing treatments for alzheimer's disease will be discussed in this review.
associations between indicators of livestock farming intensity and incidence of human shiga toxin-producing escherichia coli infection.
the sole human cathelicidin peptide, ll-37, has been demonstrated to protect animals against endotoxemia/sepsis. low, physiological concentrations of ll-37 (< or =1 microg/ml) were able to modulate inflammatory responses by inhibiting the release of the proinflammatory cytokine tnf-alpha in lps-stimulated human monocytic cells. microarray studies established a temporal transcriptional profile and identified differentially expressed genes in lps-stimulated monocytes in the presence or absence of ll-37. ll-37 significantly inhibited the expression of specific proinflammatory genes up-regulated by nf-kappab in the presence of lps, including nfkappab1 (p105/p50) and tnf-alpha-induced protein 2 (tnfaip2). in contrast, ll-37 did not significantly inhibit lps-induced genes that antagonize inflammation, such as tnf-alpha-induced protein 3 (tnfaip3) and the nf-kappab inhibitor, nfkappabia, or certain chemokine genes that are classically considered proinflammatory. nuclear translocation, in lps-treated cells, of the nf-kappab subunits p50 and p65 was reduced > or =50% in the presence of ll-37, demonstrating that the peptide altered gene expression in part by acting directly on the tlr-to-nf-kappab pathway. ll-37 almost completely prevented the release of tnf-alpha and other cytokines by human pbmc following stimulation with lps and other tlr2/4 and tlr9 agonists, but not with cytokines tnf-alpha or il-1beta. biochemical and inhibitor studies were consistent with a model whereby ll-37 modulated the inflammatory response to lps/endotoxin and other agonists of tlr by a complex mechanism involving multiple points of intervention. we propose that the natural human host defense peptide ll-37 plays roles in the delicate balancing of inflammatory responses in homeostasis as well as in combating sepsis induced by certain tlr agonists.
morphological factors affecting the course of disturbances of the inner ear are demonstrated. its important to realise that damaged sensory cells may recover quite a long time after injury. the blood supply and its regulation, possibly by autonomic innervation, are significant in the treatment of the inner ear. the reported findings must be regarded as the combined effort of numerous factors (biology of the inner ear).
stimulation of epithelial cell proliferation of isolated distal colon of rats by continuous colonic infusion of ammonia or short-chain fatty acids is nonadditive.
tlqp peptides in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: possible blood biomarkers with a neuroprotective role.
we carried out a three-tiered genetic analysis of egg-to-adult development time and viability in ancestral and derived populations of cactophilic drosophila mojavensis to test the hypothesis that evolution of these life-history characters has shaped premating reproductive isolation in this species. first, a common garden experiment with 11 populations from baja california and mainland mexico and arizona reared on two host species revealed significant host plant x region and population interactions for viability and development time, evidence for host plant adaptation. second, replicated line crosses with flies reared on both hosts revealed autosomal, x chromosome, cytoplasmic, and autosome x cactus influences on development time. viability differences were influenced by host plants, autosomal dominance, and x chromosomal effects. many of the f(1) , f(2) , and backcross generations showed evidence of heterosis for viability. third, a qtl analysis of male courtship song and epicuticular hydrocarbon variation based on 1688 baja × mainland f(2) males also revealed eight qtl influencing development time differences. mainland alleles at six of these loci were associated with longer development times, consistent with population-level differences. eight g × e interactions were also detected caused by longer development times of mainland alleles expressed on a mainland host with smaller differences among baja genotypes reared on the baja host plant. four qtl influenced both development time and epicuticular hydrocarbon differences associated with courtship success, and there was a significant qtl-based correlation between development time and cuticular hydrocarbon variation. thus, the regional shifts in life histories that evolved once d. mojavensis invaded mainland mexico from baja california by shifting host plants were genetically correlated with variation in cuticular hydrocarbon-based mate preferences.
we imputed for missing values in 2009 using the broader 2000–2010 dataset (fig. 1) utilizing a multiple imputation package with time series and cross-sectional capabilities [8]. as a result of this process, we had 30 complete data sets containing imputed values across 19 indicators and 103 countries (additional file 1: table s2.)fig. 1 overview of missing imputation and analysis process. (source: authors. description of missing value imputation and analysis process)
[extraperitoneal laparoscopic radical prostatectomy. first 50 cases in a middle sized hospital. evaluation of the learning curve].
tomography (pet) and cerenkov luminescence imaging.	intratracheal injection for lung gene transfer.
the anaemia in rheumatoid arthritis is apparently of complex origin, in which case an increased accumulation of iron in the res and the decreased utilisation of storage iron play the quantitatively most important role. according to literary data megaloblastic anaemias shall not appear frequently in rheumatoid arthritis. the frequency of the anaemia is rheumatoid arthritis is clearly depending on the composition of the collective of patients. in our patients anaemia and hypoferraemia do not correlate with the actual activity of the disease, however with the extension of the affection of the joints and the progressing of the basic disease. anaemia and hypoferraemia may, therefore, be valuated as prognostically unfavourable signs. we could prove decreased vitamin b12-levels in 11.6%. there was no statistically significant relation to the course of the disease. an inhibition of the resportion of vitamin b12 by means of a long-term therapy is discussed.
for patients with late angina symptoms in the post-revascularization period (weeks to years), we perform stress imaging to assess whether these symptoms represent ischemia, to identify (when present) the ischemic territory, and to determine the exercise intensity (heart rate, blood pressure) precipitating ischemia to guide medical therapy.•
commercial antivenoms produced in horses were compared with monospecific antivenoms raised in sheep against crotalus durissus terrificus, crotalus atrox, crotalus adamanteus, micrurus fulvius fulvius, naja naja, naja kaouthia, echis ocellatus, vipera lebetina deserti, vipera berus berus and vipera ammodytes ammodytes venom. antibodies raised by immunizing sheep with c. d. terrificus venom were more effective than their equine counterparts in preventing lethal toxicity in mice (ed50), in inhibiting the venom's pharmacological effects (haemolysis, platelet aggregation and coagulation), and in neutralizing phospholipase a2 activity. comparison of one ovine and three equine f(ab)2 products raised against v. a. ammodytes venom showed that all were at least 95% pure; that all protected mice; and that all contained antibody populations directed against most components of v. a. ammodytes and v. b. berus venoms. the ovine antivenoms generally contained a higher concentration of specific antibodies than the equine products. finally, the ovine antivenoms raised against e. ocellatus, v. lebetina deserti, v. b. berus, m. f. fulvius and n. naja venoms provided better in vivo protection to mice than the equine antivenoms, but the equine antivenoms to n. kaouthia and c. atrox were more protective than the ovine product.
those who claimed to be depressed soon after surgery had significantly lower scores in all components of qol (p < 0.05) (table 6). furthermore those who had suicidal thoughts at some point after stoma also had lower overall qol (p < 0.05) (table 7). significant reduction was seen in scores that measured social component which included, relationship with family, friends and making new relationships. also the scores measuring concerns due to stoma, sleep, sexuality/body image were low. however, the difference noticed was not statistically significant.table 6 association between qol and feeling “depressed” soon after surgery
although many patients with duplication 3q syndrome have been described reports on duplication derivatives from an insertion are rare in the previous literature. here we describe the genotype and phenotype of a 32-month-old boy with a partial trisomy of 3q24-q28. we carefully mapped the aberration with snp-array analysis, and found a duplication region of 44 mb. by conventional cytogenetic techniques including fluorescence in situ hybridization (fish) and spectral karyotyping (sky) analysis, the patient was found to have inherited a derivative chromosome 6 from his father, which was contained a direct insertion from 3q24-28. the main clinical features of the patient included severe mental retardation, postnatal developmental delay, ventricular septal defect (vsd), and craniofacial anomalies including cleft palate, frontal bossing, hypertelorism, and a broad nasal bridge. the symptoms partially overlap with previously reported patients with duplication in the same region. prenatal diagnosis for the fetus of this family was performed based on the results of genetic tests and ultrasonic evaluation.
the calculated frequency distribution is used to create the experimental frequency allocation table (fat), which pursues individualized tonotopical alignment. in this setting, the advanced bionics phantom functionality is enabled [41], which delivers low-frequency information beyond the most apical electrode of the array by operating as a virtual channel created using partial bipolar stimulation [41–43]. by adding a low-frequency channel, the phantom feature reduces the gap between the actual and tonotopical place of low-frequency stimulation and at the same time increases the number of channels that can be tonotopically matched for the remainder of the array. for details on phantom stimulation, see nogueira et al. [42].
differences in collagen cross-linking between the four valves of the bovine heart: a possible role in adaptation to mechanical fatigue.
11 arafiles rp   neglected posterior dislocation of the elbow. a reconstruction operation j bone joint surg br 1987 69 199 202 3546327
st collected and analyzed the data and wrote the manuscript. ki analyzed the data and helped to write the manuscript. ma, tm, kn, ys, sm, and hs helped to collect the data. kn suggested the statistical analysis. ym designed and supervised the research. all authors read and approved the final manuscript.
65 mlecnik b  bindea g  angell hk  maby p  angelova m  tougeron d  church se  lafontaine l  fischer m  fredriksen t  sasso m  bilocq am  kirilovsky a  obenauf ac  hamieh m  berger a  bruneval p  tuech jj  sabourin jc  le pessot f  mauillon j  rafii a  laurent-puig p  speicher mr  trajanoski z  michel p  sesboüe r  frebourg t  pagès f  valge-archer v  latouche jb  galon j   integrative analyses of colorectal cancer show immunoscore is a stronger predictor of patient survival than microsatellite instability immunity 2016 44 698 711 26982367
using the hough transform to segment ultrasound images of longitudinal and transverse sections of the carotid artery.
workshop for consensus on osteoarthritis imaging: mri of the knee . osteoarthritis cartilage . 2006 ;14 (suppl 1 ):44 -5 .
a shuttle vector (pzh-1) carrying the e. coli lacz gene under control of the sv40 early promoter was irradiated with uv and introduced into repair-proficient or repair-deficient human cell lines. the expression of irradiated lacz compared to unirradiated lacz was greater in repair-proficient cells (ht-1080) than in repair-deficient cells (xp12ro-sv40) belonging to xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group a. to ascertain whether the expression of lacz in the repair-proficient cells was correlated with the removal of cyclobutane pyrimidine dimers (cpds), we purified dna from the recipient cells and used the cpd-specific enzyme t4 endonuclease v to measure the frequency of cpds remaining in the plasmid as a whole and in two restriction fragments derived from it. we found that removal of cpds occurred in both fragments in the repair-proficient cells but not in the repair-deficient cells. our results provide the first direct evidence for the removal of cpds from uv irradiated plasmids introduced into human cells and support the notion that expression of the uv-damaged lacz gene in repair-proficient human cells reflects the removal of transcription blocking lesions from the gene.
76. wang j fields j zhao c langer j thimmulappa rk kensler tw  . role of nrf2 in protection against intracerebral hemorrhage injury in mice . free radic biol med.  (2007 ) 43 :408 –14 . 10.1016/j.freeradbiomed.2007.04.020 17602956
real-world comparisons of direct oral anticoagulants for stroke prevention in asian patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation: a systematic review and meta-analysis
tients with a history of smoking tobacco, 5 presented with a positive reaction, and 2 of those reactions were considered relevant. drug allergy was determined to be the causative agent in 3 patients (
in this study, single-rooted human mandibular incisors with single canals were chosen, and the root canal morphology was confirmed with digital radiography. mandibular incisors are the smallest teeth in the month. in the current study, we analyzed mandibular incisor teeth because they are the most critical teeth in terms of heat conduction.[17] in the finer dentin, more heat is passed to the outer root surface. it has been indicated that a temperature increase >10°c could be harmful to the cementum, alveolar bone, and periodontal ligament tissues.[122223] periodontal tissue damage may occur when the amount of remaining dentine is <1 mm.[22] thus, it is important to study tooth responses to protect the periodontal ligament from high temperatures during post space preparation. however, water coolant was used in this study, harmful temperature rises were observed in all of the investigated groups. hence, it could be expected damage to surrounding areas of the periodontal attachment.
the sapovirus was initially discovered in an outbreak of gastroenteritis in an orphanage in sapporo, japan, 1977.
role of the sea urchin sperm agglutinin (fertilizin) in inducing the acrosome reaction in sea urchin sperm.
atg8 transfer from atg7 to atg3: a distinctive e1-e2 architecture and mechanism in the autophagy pathway . mol cell
the disposition into hair of methylone and other new designer drugs, methcathinone and mbdb, was studied with the animal model. moreover, the incorporation rates of these drugs were compared with those of their related eight compounds previously studied in order to evaluate their incorporation tendency into hair and the usefulness of hair specimens for the retrospective confirmation of the use of these drugs. when the ratio of hair concentration to auc in plasma ([hair]/auc) was represented as an index of the incorporation rate of drugs into hair, the [hair]/auc of methylone was 14 times higher than that of methcathinone. it might support earlier findings that the methylenedioxy group on the benzene ring leads to considerably higher incorporation rates. however, [hair]/auc of methylone was five-sevenths times lower in comparison with that of mdma. this suggested that the beta-carbonyl group leads to lower incorporation rates. although methylone has both groups in its structure, the positive effect of the methylenedioxy group may be stronger than the negative effect of the beta-carbonyl group. on the other hand, the [hair]/auc of mbdb, which has methylenedioxyphenyl-2-butanamine structure, was higher than that of mdma while that of methcathinone, having beta-ketone in its structure, was extremely low. in conclusion, as with ma and mdma, the incorporation tendency of methylone and mbdb (except for methcathinone) into hair is relatively high, and a hair sample would be a good specimen for the confirmation of retrospective use of these drugs.
9. kayser m   forensic use of y-chromosome dna: a general overview hum genet 2017 136 621 635 10.1007/s00439-017-1776-9 28315050
the birth defect responsible for tarsal coalition is thought to often be an autosomal dominant genetic condition.
a new ciliate species (cyclidium porcatum) is the first freshwater anaerobic scuticociliate to be cultured and described. it contains a unique tripartite structure consisting of hydrogenosomes (confirmed by cytochemical staining for hydrogenase), interspersed with methanogens (confirmed by auto fluorescence and in situ hybridisation with an archaeobacterial 16s rrna-specific probe) and unidentified eubacteria (confirmed with a eubacterial 16s rrna-specific probe). this complex structure is stable and persistent, indicating that it is an anaerobic symbiotic consortium incorporating three functional partners.
the unfolding of bovine brain myo-inositol monophosphatase by guanidine. hcl (gdn. hcl) has been investigated. the recovery of circular dichroism, emission spectra, and catalytic activity after dilution of gdn.hcl-treated samples indicate that the overall process is reversible. the steepness of the spectroscopic changes between 3 m and 5 m gdn.hcl, and the lack of any discernible plateau suggest that unfolding of the protein is a cooperative process. the sensitized luminescence of bound tb(iii) was used as a probe of conformational changes of the metal-binding loop. denaturation of the enzyme by gdn.hcl does not abolish sensitized luminescence. a 50% decrease in sensitized luminescence was observed in 5 m gdn.hcl. under this set of experimental conditions, the protein binds terbium with an association constant of 1 x 10(6)m-1. it is suggested that a residual structure of denatured myo-inositol monophosphatase is responsible for the binding of terbium ions. the kinetics of unfolding and refolding as a function of gdn.hcl concentration were monitored by protein fluorescence in a stopped-flow instrument. the monophosphatase unfolded in a single kinetic phase with rate constants in the range 80-65 s-1 at 25 degrees c. the refolding kinetics fit monoexponential functions with rate constants in the range 120-65 s-1 depending on the gdn.hcl concentration. substantial refolding of the protein occurs within the dead time of mixing.
there are about seven nutrients essential to plant growth and health that are only needed in very small quantities.
development of an efficient antitick natural formulation for the control of acaricide-resistant ticks on livestock.
filobacillus milensis gen. nov., sp. nov., a new halophilic spore-forming bacterium with orn-d-glu-type peptidoglycan.
mic and mbc values (table 3.) of tlm-sln and standard tlm against e. coli was about three-four fold more than s. aureus values. this means that loading of tlm in sln does not lead to enhance antimicrobial activity of tlm, while tlm-nlc and tlm-lnc succeeded in enhancement of antibacterial activity of tlm, but their values showed some variations between suspensions and powders. using of nanoparticles to entrap antibacterial agents may improve their activity due to their sustained release and higher ability to penetrate the bacterial cell wall due to their small size and their hydrophobic structure, which is like to gram-negative cell wall bacterial (52, 53). the blank control formulations had no antibacterial activity, so the enhanced antibacterial efficacy was due to the ability of these formulations to deliver the tlm molecules efficiently to the site of action. the higher antibacterial activities of tlm-lnc powder and suspension indicated that the entrapment of tlm in these carriers was more efficient than other carriers. according to the literature, using lnc with a mixture of eudragit and plga for loading ciprofloxacin achieved stronger inhibition for p. aeruginosa and s. aureus, which was due to their smaller size and higher loading capacity; so it could be internalized by bacterial cells more efficiently (15). the increased antibacterial activity tlm-nlc may also be due to a higher extent of the oily lipid and tlm concentrations, since it has been reported that prepared nlc with tween 80 induces increased antibacterial activity against e. coli. (54), while moderate antimicrobial activity of tlm-sln in comparison to other formulations especially with regard to tlm-sln powder may be explained by their lower loading capacity and relatively high particles size (53). our results are agreeing with chen et al. (2014) and wang et al. (2012) with regard to tlm-sln where they reported the same mic and mbc values as that of the standard tlm, the smaller particles size led to lower their mic and mbc values of tlm-sln suspension in comparison with tlm-sln powder (4, 20). the less antibacterial activities against e. coli, especially for tlm-sln and standard tlm at low doses could be attributed to the presence of the outer membrane in which large sized particles difficultly cross through it; so they need high doses to penetrate e. coli (2, 53). in general, activity of the prepared formulations was related to the type, loading, particles size values, and tested bacterial species. it was demonstrated that entrapped tlm in the formulations was in an active form, and thus formulation processes did not substantially deteriorate the drug activity. however, lnc carrier seems to be a promising formulation for tlm against both bacteria.
quantitative analysis of hla dr expression and lymphocytic infiltrate in laryngeal cancer including clinical and morphological correlations.
l-rhamnose isomerases catalyze isomerization between l-rhamnose (6-deoxy-l-mannose) and l-rhamnulose (6-deoxy-l-fructose), which is the first step in rhamnose catabolism. l-rhamnose isomerase from bacillus halodurans atcc baa-125 (bhri) exhibits interesting characteristics such as high thermostability and selective substrate specificity. bhri fused with an hhhhhh sequence was purified and crystallized in order to elucidate the molecular basis of its unique enzymatic properties. the crystals were grown by the hanging-drop vapour-diffusion method and belonged to the monoclinic space group p2(1), with unit-cell parameters a = 83.2, b = 164.9, c = 92.0 a, beta = 116.0 degrees . diffraction data were collected to 2.5 a resolution. according to a matthews coefficient calculation, there are four monomers in the asymmetric unit with a v(m) of 3.0 a(3) da(-1) and a solvent content of 59.3%. the initial structure of bhri has been determined by the molecular-replacement method.
儿童阻塞性睡眠呼吸暂停综合征（osas）常并发神经认知功能障碍，具体表现在执行功能、注意力、学习和记忆等方面。osas导致患儿神经认知障碍的关键性因素是间歇性缺氧及睡眠片段化。儿童osas主要病因是腺样体和（或）扁桃体肥大，腺样体扁桃体切除术为一线治疗手段。本综述将概述儿童osas对神经认知功能的影响以及治疗后改善情况。.
amniotic fluid embolism: effects on myocardial contractility and systemic and pulmonary vascular resistance.
a systematic review from 1 january to 30 june 2020 revealed 42 patients with guillain-barré syndrome (gbs) associated with sars-cov-2 infection. single cases and small series were reported from 13 countries, the majority from europe (79.4%) and especially from italy (30.9%). sars-cov-2 infection was demonstrated by nasopharyngeal swab (85.7%) and serology (14.3%). median time between covid-19 and gbs onset in 36 patients was 11.5 days (iqr: 7.7-16). the most common clinical features were: limb weakness (76.2%), hypoareflexia (80.9 %), sensory disturbances (66.7 %) and facial palsy (38.1%). dysautonomia occurred in 19%, respiratory failure in 33.3% and 40.5% of patients were admitted in intensive care unit. most patients (71.4%) had the classical clinical presentation but virtually all gbs variants and subtypes were reported. cerebrospinal fluid (csf) albumin-cytological dissociation was found in 28/36 (77.8%) and pcr for sars-cov-2 was negative in 25/25 patients. electrodiagnosis was demyelinating in 80.5% and levels 1 and 2 of brighton criteria of diagnostic certainty, when applicable, were fulfilled in 94.5% patients. antiganglioside antibodies were positive in only 1/22 patients. treatments were intravenous immunoglobulin and/or plasma exchange (92.8%) with, at short-time follow-up, definite improvement or recovery in 62.1% of patients. one patient died. in conclusion, the most frequent phenotype of gbs in sars-cov-2 infection is the classical sensorimotor demyelinating gbs responding to the usual treatments. the time interval between infectious and neuropathic symptoms, absence of csf pleocytosis and negative pcr support a postinfectious mechanism. the abundance of reports suggests a pathogenic link between sars-cov-2 infection and gbs but a case-control study is greatly needed.
headspace single-drop microextraction (hs-sdme) was used as a rapid and reliable method for the isolation and preconcentration of volatile aldehydes from fresh cucumbers. the utility of this methodology is demonstrated in the determination of (e)-2-nonenal and (e,z)-2,6-nonadienal. the limit of detection, linearity and repeatability have been determined for 2,6-nonadienal and (e)-2-nonenal. limits of detection for nonenal and nonadienal were 0.05 and 0.04 mg kg(-1), respectively. the repeatability of extraction was obtained with the rsd values lower than 13%. concentrations of target aldehydes in fresh cucumbers obtained by means of the hs-sdme method were in the range 9.4-12.5 (nonadienal) and 2.6-3.8 mg kg(-1) (nonenal). the results of the single-drop extraction in combination with gas chromatography show promising potential for the analysis of volatile aldehydes in vegetables.
esthesioneuroblastoma (enb) is an uncommon tumor type of neural crest origin, which, in the majority of cases, arises in the nasal cavity. we present a rare primary presentation of enb in the sphenoidal area studied with computed tomography (ct) and magnetic resonance (mr). to our knowledge, this is the first case in which mr findings are available.
sculitis, stevens-johnson syndrome, or fixed drug eruption (fde). the term fixed drug eruption describes the development of one or more annular or oval erythematous patches as a result of systemic exp
worldwide, growing concern with young people's mental health is spurring service reform efforts. such reform requires a full understanding of the experiences of young people and their carers when seeking mental health help. to generate such an understanding, we conducted a meta-synthesis of qualitative literature on the perspectives of youths and their carers on navigating mental health systems. five electronic databases were searched (medline, psycinfo, embase, cinahl, healthstar). studies were included if they explored the experiences of pathways to mental health services of persons aged 11-30 years and/or their carers; were published in english or french; and used qualitative methodology. quality appraisal was conducted using the casp tool. the synthesis of 31 included studies yielded three themes-initiating contact with mental health services; characteristics of services' response; and youths' and carers' appraisal of services. themes about initiating contact included mental health literacy, structural barriers, and social support. service response-related themes included complex pathways, waitlists, eligibility, and fragmented care. in terms of service appraisal, positive encounters featured providers who were accessible and perceived as caring. negative appraisals resulted from feeling misunderstood and excluded and being ill-informed about treatment. across diagnoses and settings, youths and carers had difficult experiences accessing mental healthcare. while individual, social, and healthcare factors shaping pathways to care varied, systemic complexities were a common inhibitor. this synthesis informs recommendations for improving mental health services and youths' pathways to them. it underlines the need for grounding reform in youths' and carers' perspectives and needs.
a recombinant herpesviral vector containing a near-full-length sivmac239 genome produces siv particles and elicits immune responses to all nine siv gene products.
carcinomas developed in the mucosa of the esophagus in buf strain rats ingesting diethylnitrosamine in the diet. the stages of hyperplasia, hyperplastic nodules, small carcinomas, and large, well-developed carcinomas were observed. carcinomas, which were well differentiated, poorly differentiated, or undifferentiated, invaded the adjacent tissue but did not metastasize.
the toxicity profile of cpx-351 is comparable to that of 7 + 3 overall, with febrile neutropenia being the most common adverse event [21]. however, patients treated with cpx-351, as compared to standard 7 + 3, experienced a longer median time to neutrophil and platelet recovery, but no increase in early mortality (5.9% vs. 10.6%) [21].
the discovery that the protist monocercomonoides exilis completely lacks mitochondria demonstrates that these organelles are not absolutely essential to eukaryotic cells. however, the degree to which the metabolism and cellular systems of this organism have adapted to the loss of mitochondria is unknown. here, we report an extensive analysis of the m. exilis genome to address this question. unexpectedly, we find that m. exilis genome structure and content is similar in complexity to other eukaryotes and less "reduced" than genomes of some other protists from the metamonada group to which it belongs. furthermore, the predicted cytoskeletal systems, the organization of endomembrane systems, and biosynthetic pathways also display canonical eukaryotic complexity. the only apparent preadaptation that permitted the loss of mitochondria was the acquisition of the suf system for fe-s cluster assembly and the loss of glycine cleavage system. changes in other systems, including in amino acid metabolism and oxidative stress response, were coincident with the loss of mitochondria but are likely adaptations to the microaerophilic and endobiotic niche rather than the mitochondrial loss per se. apart from the lack of mitochondria and peroxisomes, we show that m. exilis is a fully elaborated eukaryotic cell that is a promising model system in which eukaryotic cell biology can be investigated in the absence of mitochondria.
25. su j.h.  dai c.f.  huang h.h.  wu y.c.  sung p.j.  hsu c.h.  sheu j.h.   terpenoid-related metabolites from a formosan soft coral nephthea chabrolii  chem. pharm. bull. 2007 55 594 597 10.1248/cpb.55.594 17409554
supportive and rejective functions of tumor stroma on tumor cell growth, survival, and invasivity: the cancer evolution.
seven new species of chiggers from central india, with a redescription of leptotrombidium (l.) pelta (womersley, 1952) (acarina: trombiculidae).
influence of vehicle composition variations on the in vitro and ex vivo clonazepam diffusion from hydrophilic ointment bases.
avian liver 3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-coa synthase: distinct genes encode the cholesterogenic and ketogenic isozymes.
when rat brain synaptosomes were incubated with [3h]noradrenaline for 1 min and then exposed to osmotic shock, only about 20% of the newly accumulated [3h]noradrenaline was released. it would appear that most, but possibly not all of the newly accumulated [3h]noradrenaline is rapidly bound to some particulate cytoplasmic constituent within the synaptosome. [3h]dopamine and [3h]5-hydroxytryptamine were also rapidly bound within synaptosomes but [3h]glycine and [3h]gamma-aminobutyric acid were not. reserpinization (5 mg/kg, i.p., 24 h before preparation) only slightly reduced the initial rate of [3h]noradrenaline uptake by synaptosomes. however, when reserpinized synaptosomes were osmotically shocked, most of the newly accumulated radioactivity was released; this radioactivity was identified chromatographically as [3h]noradrenaline. on the basis of the findings with reserpinized preparations, it seems likely that (1) the rapid intrasynaptosomal binding involves synaptic vesicles and (2) the neuronal membrane transport system itself may be capable of driving the uptake of noradrenaline by nerve-terminals. the rapid vesicular binding observed may not be essential for the accumulation of the amine by presynaptic terminals during brief exposures.
yabuta y , ohta h , abe t , kurimoto k , chuma s , et al (2011 ) tdrd5 is required for retrotransposon silencing, chromatoid body assembly, and spermiogenesis in mice . j cell biol
conclusion: our study shows that a total svd score can predict cognitive decline, specifically in executive function, over 4 years in hypertensive patients. this emphasizes the importance of considering total brain damage due to svd.
intraarterial access is used to provide continuous monitoring of systemic arterial blood pressure and to provide access to sample arterial blood. the use of chronic indwelling arterial catheters became commonplace in the 1970s and was rapidly adapted to the care of infants and children. the placement of intraarterial catheters can be technically challenging for even the most experienced surgeon, especially in small infants. arterial catheters can directly injure vessels, resulting in thrombosis or occlusion. distal embolization or ischemia can also occur. catheter flushing may cause retrograde flow with the potential for embolization at remote sites. local insertion site complications, such as hematoma, hemorrhage, and infection, can occur. arterial catheters can also be a source of systemic sepsis. although the risks and complication rates are low, the potential for devastating injury exists and deserves the greatest respect whenever placement of an arterial catheter is contemplated.
for nearly 15 years, the endocrine society has engaged in a coordinated effort to engage the issue of endocrine-disrupting chemicals (edcs). this effort is based on an effective collaboration between scientists and physician members of the endocrine society and a competent and professional staff that supports membership efforts to study edc actions and translate this knowledge to regulatory agencies. this is a brief history of these important efforts to inform the broad readership of endocrinology.
13. tsafriri a lindner hr zor u lamprecht sa  . physiological role of prostaglandins in the induction of ovulation . prostaglandins.  (1972 ) 2 :1 –10 . 10.1016/0090-6980(72)90024-x 4579171
magnetic iron oxide nanoparticles synthesized by coprecipitation and thermal decomposition yield largely monodisperse size distributions. the diameters of the coprecipitated particles measured by x-ray diffraction and transmission electron microscopy are between approximately 9 and 15 nm, whereas the diameters of thermally decomposed particles are in the range of 8 to 10 nm. coprecipitated particles are indexed as magnetite-rich and thermally decomposed particles as maghemite-rich; however, both methods produce a mixture of magnetite and maghemite. fourier transform ir spectra reveal that the nanoparticles are coated with at least two layers of oleic acid (oa) surfactant. the inner layer is postulated to be chemically adsorbed on the nanoparticle surface whereas the rest of the oa is physically adsorbed, as indicated by carboxyl o-h stretching modes above 3400 cm(-1). differential thermal analysis (dta) results indicate a double-stepped weight loss process, the lower-temperature step of which is assigned to condensation due to physically adsorbed or low-energy bonded oa moieties. density functional calculations of fe-o clusters, the inverse spinel cell, and isolated oa, as well as oa in bidentate linkage with ferrous and ferric atoms, suggest that the higher-temperature dta stage could be further broken down into two regions: one in which condensation is due ferrous/ferrous- and/or ferrous/ferric-oa and the other due to condensation from ferrous/ferric- and ferric/ferric-oa complexes. the latter appear to form bonds with the oa carbonyl group of energy up to fivefold that of the bond formed by the ferrous/ferrous pairs. molecular orbital populations indicate that such increased stability of the ferric/ferric pair is due to the contribution of the low-lying fe(3+) t(2g) states into four bonding orbitals between -0.623 and -0.410 a.u.
in this article, conversation analysis (ca) is used to investigate the nature of aphasia naming tests in terms of their properties as a specialized form of social interaction. the basic test-item sequence which occurs in these tests is shown to be made up of a three-part sequential structure consisting of (1) a testing prompt, (2) a proffered answer by the testee, and (3) an acceptance or declining of that proffered answer by the tester. a declining prompts a further answer to be proffered, and this cycle continues until either an answer is accepted by the tester or until the participants treat the testee as being unable to produce the relevant picture name. it is suggested that the results of the analysis have implications for understanding naming tests as instruments which generate theoretical and clinical findings through particular talk-in-interaction practices.
insurance prior authorization approval does not substantially lengthen the emergency department length of stay for patients with psychiatric conditions.
retraction note to: lats2 overexpression attenuates the therapeutic resistance of liver cancer hepg2 cells to sorafenib‑mediated death via inhibiting the ampk-mfn2 signaling pathway.
high levels of ecto-5'-nucleotidase (cd73) have been implicated in immune suppression and tumor progression, and have also been observed in cancer patients who progress on anti-pd-1 immunotherapy. although regulatory t cells can express cd73 and inhibit t cell responses via the production of adenosine, less is known about cd73 expression in other immune cell populations. we found that tumor-infiltrating nk cells upregulate cd73 expression and the frequency of these cd73-positive nk cells correlated with larger tumor size in breast cancer patients. in addition, the expression of multiple alternative immune checkpoint receptors including lag-3, vista, pd-1, and pd-l1 was significantly higher in cd73-positive nk cells than in cd73-negative nk cells. mechanistically, nk cells transport cd73 in intracellular vesicles to the cell surface and the extracellular space via actin polymerization-dependent exocytosis upon engagement of 4-1bbl on tumor cells. these cd73-positive nk cells undergo transcriptional reprogramming and upregulate il-10 production via stat3 transcriptional activity, suppressing cd4-positive t cell proliferation and ifn-γ production. taken together, our results support the notion that tumors can hijack nk cells as a means to escape immunity and that cd73 expression defines an inducible population of nk cells with immunoregulatory properties within the tumor microenvironment.
do birds of a feather flock together? the relationship between similarity and altruism in social networks.
barmada s.j.  skibinski g.  korb e.  rao e.j.  wu j.y.  finkbeiner s.   cytoplasmic mislocalization of tdp-43 is toxic to neurons and enhanced by a mutation associated with familial amyotrophic lateral sclerosis j. neurosci. 30 2010 639 20071528
ability of endophytic fungi associated with withania somnifera l. to control fusarium crown and root rot and to promote growth in tomato.
columnaris disease generates substantial losses of many freshwater fish species; one is the hybrid striped bass. the ubiquitous aquatic bacterium flavobacterium columnare can be highly effective in biofilm formation on fish skin and gills. previous research showed a difference between columnaris disease susceptibility of hybrid striped bass (morone saxatilis × m. chrysops) and white bass (m. chrysops). to understand these differential susceptibilities and possible mucosal relationship, we assessed total bacterial growth and biofilm formation with mucus derived from each moronid parental species: white bass and striped bass (m. saxatilis). differential susceptibility was confirmed of the other parent species, the striped bass (m. saxatilis). in addition to intraspecies investigations, individual hybrid striped bass mucosal affects were also studied for deferential responses to bacterial growth and biofilm formation. species- and concentration-dependent differences were detected in the total growth of the bacteria to host mucus. our data suggest that bass mucus can significantly affect biofilm formation with the f. columnare isolate tested. there appears to be a correlation between the bacteria's response of growth and biofilms and bass species susceptibility. this study provides insight into our understanding of the host-pathogen interaction between f. columnare and moronids.
functional interactions between vasotocin (vt) and prostaglandins (pgs) in the regulation of final oocyte maturation (fom) and ovulation were investigated in the catfish heteropneustes fossilis. incubation of post-vitellogenic follicles with vt resulted in significant increases of both pgf2α and pge2 at 8 and 16h intervals. the rise was higher at 16h except in the 1000nm vt group, in which the pg levels decreased compared to the 100nm group (biphasic effect). vt was more effective to increase the pg levels in comparison to hcg or it. the co-incubation of the follicles with both hcg (20iu/ml) and vt (100nm) increased significantly pgf2α level at 8h, higher than that elicited by each when incubated alone. pre-incubation of the follicles with v1 receptor antagonist, alone or in co-incubation with vt, significantly inhibited the vt-stimulated pgf2α and pge2 levels. under similar conditions, v2 receptor antagonist did not affect the pge2 levels. both vt (100nm) and pgs stimulated fom (germinal vesicle breakdown) and ovulation in a dose- and duration dependent manner, pgf2α was more effective. incubation of postvitellogenic follicles with indomethacin (a non selective cyclooxygenase inhibitor) per se did not affect fom and ovulation but significantly decreased vt and pg effects upon pre-incubation. the results suggest that the vt stimulation of pgs may be mediated mainly through the v1 receptor though the involvement of v2 receptor cannot be excluded. the article also discussed the positive interplay of gonadotropin, maturation-inducing steroid, vt and pg during fom and ovulation.
thirteen consecutive patients were submitted to hip-replacement by müller's method under epidural analgesia and were treated for postoperative pain with balanced analgesia by means of continuous epidural infusion of a mixture of bupivaine (0.625 mg/ml) and morphine (0.05 mg/ml) 4 ml hourly for 96 hours and supplemented by 600 mg ibuprofen every eight hour orally. the analgesic treatment was combined with intensive mobilization regime and altered postoperative care as regards early normalization of daily activities and reduced duration of hospitalization. the patients were found to be effectively relieved of pain during rest and also during mobilization and, together with suitable care and rehabilitation, this had the result that more than half of the patients were mobilized from bed for more than eight hours from the second postoperative day and that all of the patients were able to carry out ordinary everyday functions after the fourth postoperative day, with the assistance of the aids which the hip regimen required. eleven of the patients were ready for discharge on the sixth postoperative day while two patients were not discharged until the eighth and ninth postoperative days on account of slight surgical complications. all of the patients were discharged to their homes and to outpatient rehabilitation for three weeks. compared with the usual duration of hospitalization of approximately 13 days in corresponding patients, this pilot investigation appears to show that the analgesic regime employed was extremely effective but that traditional attitudes and routines in the postoperative care and mobilization must be revised if this is to be utilized for more rapid restitution and reduced duration of hospitalization.
11. lamichhaney s  han f  berglund j  wang c  almén ms  webster mt    a beak size locus in darwin’s finches facilitated character displacement during a drought science. 2016 352 470 474 10.1126/science.aad8786 27102486
effectiveness appears similar to realgar/indigo naturalis, which can be taken by mouth and is less expensive but is less available.
since 1994, irish cattle have been exposed to greater risks of acquiring mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis (map) infection as a consequence of the importation of over 70,000 animals from continental europe. in recent years, there has been an increase in the number of reported clinical cases of paratuberculosis in ireland. this study examines the prevalence of factors that promote the introduction and within-herd transmission of mycobacterium avium subspecies paratuberculosis (map) on selected irish dairy farms in the cork region, and the association between these factors and the results of map screening tests on milk sock filter residue (mfr). a total of 59 dairy farms, selected using non-random methods but apparently free of endemic paratuberculosis, were enrolled into the study. a questionnaire was used to collect data about risk factors for map introduction and transmission. the mfr was assessed on six occasions over 24 months for the presence of map, using culture and immunomagnetic separation prior to polymerase chain reaction (ims-pcr). furthermore, blood samples from all entire male and female animals over one year of age in 20 herds were tested by elisa. eighteen (31%) farms had operated as closed herds since 1994, 28 (47%) had purchased from multiple sources and 14 (24%) had either direct or indirect (progeny) contact with imported animals. milk and colostrum were mixed on 51% of farms, while 88% of farms fed pooled milk. thirty (51%) herds tested negative to mfr culture and ims-pcr, 12 (20%) were mfr culture positive, 26 (44%) were ims-pcr positive and seven (12%) were both culture and ims-pcr positive. the probability of a positive mfr culture was significantly associated with reduced attendance at calving, and with increased use of individual calf pens and increased (but not significantly) if mulitiple suckling was practised. there was poor agreement between mfr culture and mfr ims-pcr results, but moderate agreement between mfr culture and elisa test results. this study highlights a lack of awareness among irish dairy farmers about the effect of inadequate biosecurity on map introduction. furthermore, within-herd transmission will be facilitated by traditional calf rearing and waste management practices. the findings of viable map in the presence of known transmission factors in non-clinically affected herds could be a prelude to long-term problems for the irish cattle and agri-business generally.
3 dr. amjad akram. fcps. frcs (glasgow). frcs (ed.), armed forces institute of ophthalmology (afio) rawalpindi, pakistan
the properties of inverted repeated sequences in wheat nuclear dna have been studied by hap(1) chromatography, nuclease s1 digestion and electron microscopy. inverted repeated sequences comprise 1.7% of wheat genome. the hap studies show that the amount of "foldback hap bound dna" depends on dna length. inverted repeats appear to be clustered with an average intercluster distance of 25 kb. it is estimated that there are approximately 3 x 10(6) inverted repeats per haploid wheat genome. the sequences around inverted repeats involve all families of repetition frequencies. inverted repeats are observed as hairpins in electron microscopy. 20% of hairpins are terminated by a single-stranded spacer ranging from 0.3 to 1.5 kb in length. duplex regions of the inverted repeats range from 0.1 to 0.45 kb with number average values of 0.24 kb and 0.18 kb for unlooped and looped hairpin respectively. thermal denaturations and nuclease s1 digestions have revealed a length of about 100 bases for duplex regions. the methods used to study inverted repeated sequences are compared and discussed.
, p = 0.000). we noted that patients with mlc had worse physical status, more lesions, larger diameter, and more extrahepatic metastasis in baseline characteristics. all these may lead to a worse prognosis of mlc.
little is known about mechanisms leading to secondary non-hodgkin lymphomas (nhl) in patients treated for hodgkin lymphoma (hl). our aim was to characterise in detail a cell line derived from a diffuse large b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl) that had developed in a patient with relapsing hl. the cell line u-2932 was established from ascites in a patient suffering from dlbcl previously treated for hl with multiple chemotherapy regimens. characterisation was based on morphology, immunophenotype, epstein-barr virus (ebv)-status, igh gene rearrangement status, tumourigenicity, p53 sequencing, and immunohistochemical expression of p53, bcl-2 and bcl-6. the karyotype was investigated using g-banding, comparative genomic hybridisation (cgh) and spectral karyotype (sky) analysis. this cell line shows typical morphological features of a dlbcl and grows as colonies in nude mice. it expresses a b-cell phenotype with a somatically hypermutated v(h)4-39 gene and is negative for ebv. the origin of u-2932 was confirmed by demonstrating an identical v(h)4 rearrangement in ascites from the patient. a point mutation of the tumour-suppressor gene p53 was detected in amino acid position 176 and immunohistochemical over-expression of the p53 protein was also demonstrated. u-2932 carries a complex karyotype including high-level amplifications of the chromosomal bands 18q21 and 3q27 and expresses aberrant bcl-2 and bcl-6 immunohistochemically. we were unable to investigate the clonal relationship between the original hl and u-2932. in conclusion, u-2932 is a unique b cell line established from a patient suffering from hl followed by nhl. overexpression of bcl-2, bcl-6 and p53 may play a role in the tumourigenesis and drug resistance. this cell line may become a useful tool to better understand the mechanisms responsible for development of secondary nhl in patients treated for hl.
29 children with coral nephroliths were examined by dynamic nephroscintigraphy before surgery, after it and on postoperative month 6-24. the patients whose age ranged from 5 to 15 years underwent sectional nephrolithotomy (22 cases) or partial nephrolithotomy (7 cases). the findings led the authors to the following conclusions: the reduction in the renal function following sectional nephrolithotomy is inversely proportional to preoperative functional deficiency of the affected kidney; application of partial and sectional nephrolithotomy in children with coral and multiple nephroliths is justified only in case of contraindications to extracorporeal impulse lithotripsy; sectional nephrolithotomy in children with coral nephroliths is indicated in initial deficiency of the affected kidney function more than 50%.
seasonality in suicides: the influence of suicide method, gender and age on suicide distribution in italy.
an online monitoring and assessment system of metabolism to measure oxygen consumption rate (oc) and carbon dioxide (co
18 geback t , schulz mm , koumoutsakos p , detmar m . tscratch: a novel and simple software tool for automated analysis of monolayer wound healing assays . biotechniques . 2009 ;46 (4 ):265 –74 . 19450233
reaction of 1-propylamino-4-acetato-1,4,7-triazacyclononane (l1), 1-benzyl-4-acetato-1,4,7-triazacyclononane (l2) and 1-benzyl-4-propylamino-1,4,7-triazacyclononane (l3) with a copper(ii) salt gave na2[cul1](clo4)3(1a), [cul2]cl (2) and [cu2l32](clo4)4.5h2o (3), respectively. [cul4]clo4 (4) was formed by reacting 1-formyl-4-ethylacetato-1,4,7-triazacyclononane with cupric chloride in aqueous solution. the x-ray crystal structures of the complexes reveal that the ligands generate distorted square pyramidal or square planar coordination environments about the cu(ii) centre, but in three complexes (1b, 3 and 4) weak interactions to an oxygen atom from a perchlorate anion and, in the case of 4, also to an amide nitrogen leading to tetragonally elongated octahedral cu(ii) geometries. in 4, the formyl group is found to reduce the coordinating ability of the macrocyclic nitrogen to which it is attached, as evidenced by the weak cun interaction. the formation of five-membered chelate rings on coordination of the ligands further contributes to the distortion from the ideal geometries. the crystal lattices contain a number of novel supramolecular features. 1a contains a negatively charged sodium perchlorate chain of composition [na2(clo4)3]x(x-), with a complex series of na-o-na bridges flanked by [cul1]+ units, while 3 contains highly complex hydrogen bonded sheets approximately 20 a thick that stack through van der waals interactions. one-dimensional chains comprised of copper complexes are found in 2 and 4, and are held together by hydrogen bonds in 2 and acetate bridges between the copper cations in 4. the solution epr spectra indicate that the copper(ii) centres exist in isolated distorted square pyramidal (possibly square planar for 4) environments, while in the solid state there is evidence for the existence of weak exchange and dipole-dipole coupling for some complexes.
figure 4 confirming the target specificity of aptamer-based crispr imaging. (a) immunofluorescence staining against dcas9:2xms2:gfp combined with telomere-specific fish. nuclei are counterstained with dapi (in blue). (b) comparing the efficiency of both types of aptamer-based crispr imaging with fish. telomeric signals based on 20 isolated nuclei per each construct after immunofish. dcas9:2xms2:gfp and dcas9:3xpp7:gfp recognized 78% and 75% of telomere signals identified by fish, respectively (p < 0.05).
the development of a qualitative determination method for the n-linked oligosaccharides in glycoproteins was attempted by the combination of micro- or nanoflow lc with q-tof-ms/ms. the asparaginyl-oligosaccharides in glycoproteins, liberated from the treatment of pronase e, were separated, purified and labeled with 1-pyrenesulfonyl chloride (psc). the resulting derivatives were separated by the microflow lc system utilizing a 0.5 mm diameter microcolumn or nanoflow lc system utilizing a 75 microm diameter chip column. the eluted n-linked oligosaccharide derivatives were then introduced into the q-tof-ms instrument and sensitively detected in the esi(+) mode. several factors (i.e. fragmentor, skimmer, vcap voltages and collision energy) affecting the sensitivity of q-tof-ms/ms detection were optimized in both the micro- and nanoflow lc systems. various fragment ions based on the carbohydrate units appeared on the ms/ms spectra. among the peaks, m/z 600.16 corresponding to psc-labeled asp-hexnac is the most important one to identify the asparaginyl-oligosaccharide. the n-linked oligosaccharides in the ovalbumin were easily identified by the selected-ion chromatogram at m/z 600.16 by the ms/ms detection. therefore, the identification of n-linked oligosaccharides in glycoproteins seems to be possible by the proposed micro- and nanoflow lc separations followed by the q-tof-ms/ms detection.
we examined the utility of selected hand test (wagner, 1983) variables in relation to posttraumatic stress and physical symptoms in gulf war (gw) veterans. in this study, we sought to replicate and expand on prior empirical findings that have demonstrated efficacy of the hand test in the assessment of posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd; walter, hilsenroth, arsenault, sloan, & harvill, 1998). based on this previous research, hand test variables were selected a priori and examined across three groups of veterans: (a) a control group of participants who were in a reserve unit not deployed to the gw theater of operations, (b) a subclinical group of deployed gw veterans who reported 1 to 5 diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders (4th ed. [dsm-iv]; american psychiatric association, 1994) criteria for ptsd, and (c) a group of deployed gw veterans who met dsm-iv criteria for ptsd. analyses demonstrated significant differences across the three groups and significant relationships among selected hand test variables with the number of dsm-iv symptoms of ptsd reported in the interviews as well as with the number of physical problems reported by these veterans. we discuss these findings in relation to the assessment and treatment of posttraumatic stress symptomatology.
total parenteral nutrition (tpn) is an essential lifesaving tool that infuses dextrose, amino acids, lipids, electrolytes, vitamins, and minerals intravenously. it provides full nutrition support to critically ill patients with an impaired digestive tract incapable of tolerating or absorbing an oral diet.1–4
the escherichia coli rna degradosome is a multicomponent ribonucleolytic complex consisting of three major proteins that assemble on a scaffold provided by the c-terminal region of the endonuclease, rnase e. using an e. coli two-hybrid system, together with biacore apparatus, we investigated the ability of three proteins, polynucleotide phosphorylase (pnpase), rhlb rna helicase, and enolase, a glycolytic protein, to interact physically and functionally independently of rnase e. here we report that rh1b can physically bind to pnpase, both in vitro and in vivo, and can also form homodimers with itself. however, binding of rhlb or pnpase to enolase was not detected under the same conditions. biacore analysis revealed real-time, direct binding for bimolecular interactions between rh1b units and for the rhlb interaction with pnpase. furthermore, in the absence of rnase e, purified rhlb can carry out atp-dependent unwinding of double-stranded rna and consequently modulate degradation of double-stranded rna together with the exonuclease activity of pnpase. these results provide evidence for the first time that both functional and physical interactions of individual degradosome protein components can occur in the absence of rnase e and raise the prospect that the rnase e-independent complexes of rhlb rna helicase and pnpase, detected in vivo, may constitute mini-machines that assist in the degradation of duplex rna in structures physically distinct from multicomponent rna degradosomes.
a case of papillary renal cell carcinoma in a patient suffering from autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease is described. the occurrence of papillary renal cell carcinoma in polycystic kidneys in the literature is reviewed and the implications of operative management and further surveillance in case of a papillary renal cell carcinoma are discussed.
human and bovine viruses and bacteria at three great lakes beaches: environmental variable associations and health risk.
kay bh lounibos lp, rey jr, frank jh rainbow's end? thoughts on some viral encephalitides with emphasis on murray valley enecephalitis ecology of mosquitoes: proceedings of a workshop 1985 287-292 vero beach: florida medical entomology laboratory
the stiffness and topography of a cell's extracellular matrix (ecm) are physical cues that play a key role in regulating processes that determine cellular fate and function. while substrate stiffness can dictate cell differentiation lineage, migration, and self-organization, topographical features can change the cell's differentiation profile or migration ability. although both physical cues are present and intrinsic to the native tissues in vivo, in vitro studies have been hampered by the lack of technological set-ups that would be compatible with cell culture and characterization. in vitro studies therefore either focused on screening stiffness effects in cells cultured on flat substrates or on determining topography effects in cells cultured onto hard materials. here, we present a reliable, microfabrication method to obtain well defined topographical structures of micrometer size (5-10 μm) on soft polyacrylamide hydrogels with tunable mechanical stiffness (3-145 kpa) that closely mimic the in vivo situation. topographically microstructured polyacrylamide hydrogels are polymerized by capillary force lithography using flexible materials as molds. the topographical microstructures are resistant to swelling, can be conformally functionalized by ecm proteins and sustain the growth of cell lines (fibroblasts and myoblasts) and primary cells (mouse intestinal epithelial cells). our method can independently control stiffness and topography, which allows to individually assess the contribution of each physical cue to cell response or to explore potential synergistic effects. we anticipate that our fabrication method will be of great utility in tissue engineering and biophysics, especially for applications where the use of complex in vivo-like environments is of paramount importance.
the teratogenic potential of a combination of chlordiazepoxide (cdz) and amitriptyline (amt) was examined with regard to both internal and external anomalies. timed pregnant golden hamsters were given a single intraperitoneal injection on day 8 of gestation of one of the following: chlordiazepoxide hydrochloride (28.5 mg/kg), amitriptyline hydrochloride (70.3 mg/kg), cdz-amt combination (28.5 mg/kg cdz + 70.3 mg/kg amt, in order to retain the 1:2.5 dose ratio utilized in a clinically-used preparation of these agents), or saline vehicle (control). fetuses were recovered on gestation day 15 following maternal sacrifice. cranial malformations were analyzed in bouin's-fixed fetuses by making 1-mm coronal sections through each head, whereas visceral anomalies were examined following general dissection of each body. amt alone produced a significant (p less than 0.05) incidence of bent tail and encephalocele, whereas cdz significantly (p less than 0.05) altered the male:female ratio of surviving fetuses when compared with saline-injected controls. the cdz-amt combination caused significant increases in cranial malformations, open eye, bent tail, abnormal lung, and urogenital anomalies. the teratogenic effects of potentiation between the components of this combination are discussed in terms of external and internal malformations.
although slit1 mrna signals were observed in layer i, signals were too weak and sparse to estimate the correct staining intensity. thus, we omitted layer i from this analysis. for this quantification, we used 3 infants and 3 young adults. the slit1 mrna expression patterns were similar for the samples from p1, p2, and p30 monkeys, which enabled us to compile data from these individuals for statistical analyses (infant, fig. 6b). on the basis of these data, we determined the ratio of nsi in young adults to that in infants (young adult/infant) for supra and infragranular layers of each area (fig. 7). the ratio was useful for confirming how the laminar distribution of slit1 mrna was altered postnatally among cortical areas.
despite the escalation of alcohol use through high school, the majority of research on school-based alcohol interventions has been conducted with junior high students or first and second year high school students. preliminary research indicates a brief, web-based personalized feedback intervention developed for college students (echeckup to go) may be a promising program for high school seniors. although these studies demonstrate positive intervention effects, there is some evidence for greater program efficacy for females in this age group. the current study investigates sex differences in program acceptability of the echeckup to go and its relationship to short-term alcohol outcomes among high school seniors (
under standard conditions, 20 µm tau protein was incubated in 20 mm nah2po4-na2hpo4 buffer (ph 7.4) containing 1 mm dtt and 20 µm heparin at 37°c for up to 24 h. circular dichroism spectra were obtained by using a jasco j-810 spectropolarimeter (jasco corp., tokyo, japan) with a thermostated cell holder. quartz cell with a 1 mm light-path was used for measurements in the far-uv region. spectra were recorded from 195 to 250 nm for far-uv cd. the final concentration of tau protein for far-uv cd measurements was kept at 10 µm so that the high tension voltage associated to cd spectra was less than 600 v. the spectra of all scans were corrected relative to the buffer blank. the mean residue molar ellipticity [θ] (deg⋅ cm2⋅ dmol−1) was calculated using the formula , where θobs is the observed ellipticity in deg, mrw the mean residue molecular weight (106.1 daltons for tau fragment), l the path length in cm, and c the protein concentration in g/ml.
accumulating evidence has shown the critical role of long non-coding rnas (lncrnas) during cancer progression. however, the involvement of elf3-as1 in bladder cancer (bc) remains largely unclear. by lncrna profiling, we identified elf3-as1 as a novel oncogenic lncrna during bladder cancer development. elf3-as1 was highly expressed in bladder cancer and correlated with poor prognosis. elf3-as1 could increase viability and migration of bladder cancer cells in vitro and promoted xenograft tumor growth in vivo. furthermore, elf3-as1 could interact with klf8 to stabilize klf8 by protecting it from proteasome-mediated degradation. klf8 in turn could bind elf3-as1 promoter and transactivate elf3-as1 expression. the positive feedback loop between elf3-as1 and klf8 enhanced klf8 signaling by increasing mmp9 expression. collectively, our study has unraveled a novel mechanism of elf3-as1-mediated oncogenesis in bladder cancer by reinforcement of elf3-as1/klf8 signaling with potential implications for therapeutic intervention.
24. perro a.  meunier f.  schmitt v.  ravaine s.   production of large quantities of “janus”nanoparticles using wax-in-water emulsions colloids surf. a physicochem. eng. asp. 2009 332 57 62 10.1016/j.colsurfa.2008.08.027
a the exp (b) (effect coefficients) show the delogarithmized logit coefficients as odds ratios; 1 = no change and thus no influence of the predictor, <1 = increase in the exogenous variable reduces the probability of the occurrence of y = 1 as opposed to y = 0 (marked in italics), >1 = increase in the exogenous variable increases the probability of the occurrence of y = 1 as opposed to y = 0 (marked in bold type).
the complexity of mammalian origins of dna replication has prevented, so far, the in vitro studies of the modalities of initiator protein binding and origin selection. we approached this problem by utilizing the human lamin b2 origin, wherein the precise start sites of replication initiation have been identified and known to be bound in vivo by the origin recognition complex (orc). in order to analyze the in vitro interactions occurring at this origin, we have compared the dna binding requirements and patterns of the human recombinant orc4 with those of preparations of hela nuclear proteins containing the orc complex. here we show that both hsorc4 alone and hela nuclear proteins recognize multiple sites within a 241-bp dna sequence encompassing the lamin b2 origin. the dna binding activity of hela cells requires the presence of orc and can be reproduced in the absence of all the other proteins known to be recruited to origins by orc. both hsorc4 alone and hela nuclear proteins exhibit cooperative and atp-independent binding. this binding covers nucleotides 3853-3953 and then spreads outward. because this region contains the start sites of dna synthesis as well as the area protected in vivo and preserves protein binding capacity in vitro after removal of a fraction of the protected region, we suggest that it could contain the primary binding site. thus the in vitro approach points to the sequence requirements for orc binding as a key element for origin recognition.
[strabogenesis in case of low hypermetropia, in addition a simple comparison test to detect aniseikonia (author's transl)].
hepatic veno-occlusive disease may be a rare characteristic of hepatic involvement in systemic amyloidosis: case report and literature review.
due to demographic changes in average life expectancy, the age of patients undergoing cardiac surgery is increasing. we have reviewed the literature to analyse whether and how far octogenarians benefit from cardiac surgical procedures. different studies analysed the outcome of patients in different age groups after cardiac surgery. octogenarians can undergo cardiac surgical procedures at a reasonable risk. the perioperative mortality and other postoperative complications are strongly dependent on comorbidities rather than on patients' age. elderly patients benefit from improved functional status and quality of life.
the present paper suggests a new algorithm for estimation of peak positions in ftms spectra. it is shown theoretically and experimentally that the new technique yields superior results compared to the currently applied techniques, when the noise level is high and/or the peaks are located close to each other. cases are presented where the deviation from the true mass could be mistaken for space charge effect, while the shift is in fact solely due to the shortcomings of the current techniques and can be corrected by applying the shifted-basis technique. in two out of three cases, this technique gave more accurate (>5 times) result compared to the conventional analysis. in the third case, where the signal was high compared to the noise, the results were comparable. the new technique can be used to achieve better mass accuracy for noisy and not well resolved spectra, and to further investigate the features of the space charge effect.
the streptomyces reticuli avicelase (cellulase, cell) hydrolyzes crystalline cellulose to cellooligomers, cellobiose and cellotriose which are taken up by mycelia via an abc transport system (ceb) induced during growth with cellobiose or cellulose. the cebr gene located upstream of the cebefg operon was cloned in escherichia coli in frame with six histidine-encoding codons. the resulting purified fusion protein was shown to bind to a motif of 23 bp, including a perfect 18-bp palindrome situated upstream of the cebefg. cytoplasmic extracts of induced, but not of uninduced s. reticuli protected the same dna motif. release of the cebr regulator from its operator occurs upon addition of cellopentaose which can be assumed to act as inducer within the mycelia.
lays a role in eosinophil development, recruitment, and activation. il-9 plays a regulatory role in mast cells activation. il-4 and il-13 act on b cells to promote production of antigen-specific ige a
ntibodies.  for this to occur, b cells must also bind to the allergen via allergen-specific receptors. they then internalize and process the antigen and present peptides from it, bound to the major hi
the ecosystems of brazil's continental shelf and oceanic islands comprise a variety of environments that display unique geomorphological and geophysical features and biotic components. the quest to attain knowledge of brazilian marine fauna is hampered by coastline length, biodiversity, a high rate of endemism, and a shortage of specialized researchers. based on a systematic bibliographic review, the article offers an overview of the history, current knowledge, and outlook for the field of marine biodiversity in brazil. our findings show that government initiatives have afforded greater knowledge of brazilian marine fauna species and opened new perspectives, including reliance on complex tools to describe benthic marine habitats in terms of their geological, geophysical, and biotic composition.
the challenging behavior of care recipients will also be assessed as a secondary outcome based on a proxy rating using the neuropsychiatric inventory-q (npi-q) [41]. this measurement makes it possible to assess the presence and severity of the following 12 different behaviors and psychological symptoms related to dementia: 1. delusion, 2. hallucination, 3. depression, 4. anxiety, 5. euphoria, 6. aggression, 7. apathy, 8. disinhibition, 9. irritability, 10. aberrant motor behavior, 11. sleep problems, and 12. eating disorders. the severity of the behaviors and psychological symptoms is assessed based on the response options of mild, moderate, and severe. the measurement results in a total score ranging from 0 to 36, with higher scores indicating more challenging behavior. the npi-q has shown adequate reliability and validity [41].
major category	corresponds to the criteria used in q-taro (yonemaru et al. 2010; http://qtaro.abr.affrc.go.jp/)
no evidence that embryo selection by near-infrared spectroscopy in addition to morphology is able to improve live birth rates: results from an individual patient data meta-analysis.
as the number of americans who survive an acute myocardial infarction (ami) increases,1 it is of considerable clinical and public health importance to obtain contemporary information about who represents a “low‐risk” ami survivor and the magnitude of this patient population. in the context of limited healthcare resources, the goal would be to focus resources on patients who need more intensive treatment and surveillance efforts, including those who have survived a recent acute coronary event. much of the current literature that has examined the characteristics of those who survived a recent ami has focused on the impact of conventional risk and prognostic factors, such as cigarette smoking, obesity, physical inactivity, and elevated blood pressure, on in‐hospital and postdischarge survival.2, 3, 4, 5, 6 few contemporary studies have, however, described the characteristics and role of other risk factors for major adverse cardiovascular events, including depression, functional status, or quality of transitional care after hospital discharge for an ami, in relation to postdischarge prognosis, overall or at varying time points.7, 8, 9, 10, 11 many psychosocial, cognitive, or functional status indicators are not reported in clinical trials or observational studies of patients with acute coronary disease. inasmuch, their association with clinically relevant outcomes, such as death, recurrent ami, stroke, an unplanned coronary revascularization, and/or readmission to the hospital because of chest pain/unstable angina, has seldom been explored.12 the translate‐acs (treatment with adenosine diphosphate (adp) receptor inhibitors: longitudinal assessment of treatment patterns and events after acute coronary syndrome) study13 is a large observational investigation of patients hospitalized with ami who underwent a percutaneous coronary intervention at >200 medical centers throughout the united states. the study collected information on a broad array of sociodemographic, clinical, and psychosocial factors in this patient population. in this article, we describe the likelihood and characteristics of patients in this study who did not experience any significant major adverse cardiovascular event within the first 6 weeks (early period) and during the first year (late period) after hospital discharge for an ami.
progressive supranuclear palsy (psp) has been described as a clinical syndrome characterized by an impairment of voluntary control of gaze (supranuclear palsy), postural and gait instability, and behavioral and cognitive deficits including a frontal syndrome and psychic retardation. however, in the recent years, at least four other clinical forms of psp have been recognized: psp-parkinsonism, "pure akinesia with gait freezing", psp with cortico-basal syndrome, and psp with speech apraxia. psp-parkinsonism mimics the signs and symptoms of idiopathic parkinson's disease, including a significant reactivity to levodopa. "pure akinesia with gait freezing" is characterized by a difficulty of self-initiation of motor programs, usually walking program. psp with cortico-basal syndrome mimics cortico-basal degeneration (cbd) in that unilateral or asymmetric limb dystonia and apraxia are prominent signs. psp with speech apraxia is an isolated syndrome of progressive anarthria. all these clinical syndromes are due to brain accumulation of phosphorylated tau protein. the differences in clinical expression within the framework of psp can be explained by the differences in the topographical distribution of the lesions. psp is considered as a primary tau disease ("tauopathy") such as cbd and some forms of fronto-temporal lobar degeneration. at the level of neuropathology, the pattern of tau abnormal inclusions differentiates psp from other tau diseases, but some overlaps are reported. moreover, several of the clinical forms of psp partially or fully overlap with the other tauopathies. as a whole, the emergence of new clinical forms of psp challenges the nosology of tauopathies and our understanding of these diseases.
comparing comprehensive care and departmental clinical education models: students' perceptions at the university of tennessee college of dentistry.
in the mild, severe and critical groups, igm was detected in 81.3%, 82.9% and 82.7% of cases, igg was detected in 90.6%, 92.7% and 88% of cases, and both igm and igg were detected in 79.7%, 77.9% and 80% of cases, respectively (figure 2a). the median number of days from symptom onset to antibody detection was not significantly different across the mild, severe and critical groups (20.95 ± 9.226 days, 21.9 ± 8.724 days and 20.86 ± 8.126 days, respectively) (figure 2b). the levels of igm in the severe and critical groups were higher than those in the mild group (severe vs. mild, p = 0.0084; critical vs. mild, p = 0.031) (figure 2c). in contrast, the levels of igg in the critical group were lower than those in either the mild or severe groups (critical vs. mild, p = 0.0397; critical vs. severe, p = 0.026) (figure 2d).
less is known about the intrinsic regulation of other members of the glut family of proteins or whether the broader family of mfs proteins coopt a similar regulatory mechanism. mfs proteins contain loop 6–7 domains ranging from 30 to 65 amino acids (weinglass and kaback, 2000). the lacy and glpt structures indicate that loop 6–7 and the c terminus cytoplasmic domains do not impede access to the substrate export site (abramson et al., 2003; huang et al., 2003). however, loop 6–7 and the c termini of these structures are considerably shorter than equivalent domains in the mammalian sugar porters. progressive truncation of glut1 loop 6–7 results in loss of transport function followed by loss of glut1 expression (monden et al., 2001). the former result may reflect the loss of residues crucial to transport. the latter may reflect impaired cotranslational insertion/folding (weinglass and kaback, 2000).
the enhanced visible-light-driven antibacterial performances of ptcdi-pani(fe(iii)-doped) heterostructure.
tea and its main bioactive ingredients, the flavonoids, have been associated with human cancer for several decades. in this article, an overview is provided of observational epidemiological studies of lung cancer incidence in relation to intake of green tea, black tea, flavonols/flavones, and catechins. a pubmed search was conducted in september 2007. articles were selected if they provided risk ratios (relative risk or odds ratio) for lung cancer and were of observational design (cohort, case-control, or case-cohort). three of 12 studies reported a significantly lower risk of lung cancer with a high intake of flavonoids, whereas 1 study reported a significantly increased risk. after stratification by type of flavonoid, catechin intake was no longer associated with lung cancer risk in 3 of 4 studies available. for tea, 4 of 20 studies reported significantly reduced risks with high intake. two studies found significantly increased risk ratios, but both were older studies. findings were similar for green and black tea but became more significant when only methodologically sounder cohort studies were considered. when tea intake and lung cancer were studied among never- or former smokers to eliminate the confounding effect of smoking, 4 of 7 reported associations were significantly protective. in general, the studies on tea, flavonoids, and lung cancer risk indicate a small beneficial association, particularly among never-smokers. more well-designed cohort studies, in particular for catechins, are needed to strengthen the evidence on effects of long-term exposure to physiological doses of dietary flavonoids.
ue damage in the later phases of allergic reactions.   newly formed mediators  arachidonic acid metabolites leukotrienes - produced via the lipoxygenase pathway:  leukotriene b4 - neutrophil chemotaxi
communicating a commitment to help, and scheduling enough clinical contact such that the patient feels connected and supported.●
a 66-year-old female with advanced primary open-angle glaucoma and descemet's stripping endothelial keratoplasty od with previously noted inferior stromal edema presented with a 1-month history of progressive decreased visual acuity after starting netarsudil twice daily. her best-corrected visual acuity was 20/80 od and no light perception os. the right cornea was notable for inferior small epithelial bullae in a reticular pattern from 2 to 9 o'clock encroaching on the visual axis involving both sides of the graft-host junction. the reticular epithelial edema resolved upon discontinuation of netarsudil and best-corrected visual acuity improved to 20/50 but was limited by persistent stromal edema. we report a patient with a history of a partially decompensated descemet's stripping endothelial keratoplasty who develops reticular epithelial corneal edema after starting netarsudil. this unique pattern of edema may present in the setting of preexisting endothelial cell dysfunction when netarsudil is used, a complication not noted in the food and drug administration (fda) trials.
cerebral ischemia due to stroke or cardiac arrest greatly affects daily functioning and the quality of life of patients and has a high socioeconomic impact due to the surge in their prevalence. advances in the identification of an effective pharmacotherapy to promote neuroprotection and recovery after a cerebral ischemic insult are, however, limited. the serotonin 1a (5-ht
association between pediatric autoimmune neuropsychiatric disorders associated with streptococcal infections disease and tumor necrosis factor-α gene-308 g/a, -850 c/t polymorphisms in 4-12-year-old children in adana/turkey.
table 3 shows the effect of lethal and sub-lethal concentrations of copper sulphate on the metabolic rate of esomus danricus. it is clear from the results that the metabolic rate decreased while the percentage decrease from control increased with an increase in the exposure period from 24 to 96h to copper sulphate. the results of the ‘t’ test show that the decrease in the metabolic rate is highly significant with p<0.01 and p<0.001 at the end of each exposure period.
54. huang y    the duck genome and transcriptome provide insight into an avian influenza virus reservoir species nat. genet. 2013 45 776 783 10.1038/ng.2657 23749191
mitigation of oxidative damage by green tea polyphenols and tai chi exercise in postmenopausal women with osteopenia.
in the last few years, there has been considerable interest in the study of other antiplatelet agents for secondary stroke prevention
orally administered nanotherapeutics for parkinson's disease: an old delivery system yet more acceptable.
although several in silico promoter prediction methods have been developed to date, they are still limited in predictive performance. the limitations are due to the challenge of selecting appropriate features of promoters that distinguish them from non-promoters and the generalization or predictive ability of the machine-learning algorithms. in this paper we attempt to define a novel approach by using unique descriptors and machine-learning methods for the recognition of eukaryotic polymerase ii promoters. in this study, non-linear time series descriptors along with non-linear machine-learning algorithms, such as support vector machine (svm), are used to discriminate between promoter and non-promoter regions. the basic idea here is to use descriptors that do not depend on the primary dna sequence and provide a clear distinction between promoter and non-promoter regions. the classification model built on a set of 1000 promoter and 1500 non-promoter sequences, showed a 10-fold cross-validation accuracy of 87% and an independent test set had an accuracy >85% in both promoter and non-promoter identification. this approach correctly identified all 20 experimentally verified promoters of human chromosome 22. the high sensitivity and selectivity indicates that n-mer frequencies along with non-linear time series descriptors, such as lyapunov component stability and tsallis entropy, and supervised machine-learning methods, such as svms, can be useful in the identification of pol ii promoters.
alterations in patients with major depressive disorder before and after electroconvulsive therapy measured by fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuations (falff).
new reactions and products resulting from alternative interactions between the p450 enzyme and redox partners.
detection and partial molecular characterization of the rat t-lymphocyte surface protein l21 by allo-(anti-rt-ly-2.2) and xeno-(anti-rt-ln-lyig) sera.
cial layers of the skin can cause pruritic wheals with surrounding erythema. if deeper layers of the dermis and subcutaneous tissues are involved, angioedema results. angioedema is swelling of the aff
in vivo differentiation of induced pluripotent stem cells into neural stem cells by chimera formation.
tgfbr3 is an accessory receptor that binds to and modulates the activities of both transforming growth factor-beta (tgfbeta) and inhibin, two members of the tgfbeta superfamily of growth factors that regulate many aspects of reproductive biology. tgfbr3 is known to be expressed in adult testis and ovary, but little is known about this receptor during gonadogenesis. herein, we describe tgfbr3 expression in the male and female fetal and neonatal murine gonad. real-time pcr analysis revealed that tgfbr3 mrna was expressed at higher levels in the developing testis compared to ovary. tgfbr3 was expressed within the fetal testis interstitium, predominantly by leydig cells, but expression shifted inside the seminiferous cords at birth. in contrast, tgfbr3 was detected in both the somatic and germ cell lineages in the fetal and neonatal ovary. this differential expression pattern suggests divergent roles for this tgfbr3 in developing testis and ovary.
braakhuis bj leemans cr brakenhoff rh  expanding fields of genetically altered cells in head and neck squamous carcinogenesis semin cancer biol 2005 15 113 120 15652456
117. leuning dg  reinders me  li j  peired aj  lievers e  de boer hc  fibbe we  romagnani p  van kooten c  little mh  engelse ma  rabelink tj   clinical-grade isolated human kidney perivascular stromal cells as an organotypic cell source for kidney regenerative medicine stem cells transl med 2017 6 405 418 28191776
detection of heterozygous nonsense mutations in genes of interest using an escherichia coli-based stop codon assay.
mobility costs and energy uptake mediate the effects of morphological traits on species' distribution and abundance.
zinc-doped prussian blue enhances photothermal clearance of staphylococcus aureus and promotes tissue repair in infected wounds.
correction: kiritani et al., hierarchical connectivity and connection-specific dynamics in the corticospinal-corticostriatal microcircuit in mouse motor cortex.
rabies neutralizing antibody detection by indirect immunperoxidase serum neutralization assay performed on chicken embryo related cell line.
the human mme gene maps to chromosomal region 3q25.1 to q25.2, is composed of 24 exons, and is highly conserved among mammalian species.32 nep is a type 2 mme consisting of 742 amino acids and has a molecular weight ranging from 85 to 110kda depending on differences in its glycosylation. nep is an ectoenzyme with the bulk of its structure, including the active site, facing the extracellular space,8 as shown figure 4b. nep is widely expressed in many tissues, including the nervous system,33, 34 and degrades a number of substrates such as enkephalins, substance p and atrial natriuretic peptide, and, most notably, the “alzheimer peptide,” aβ. moreover, mme is also abundantly expressed in the kidney, and previous studies have suggested that mme might play a role in the normal physiological function of podocytes and was involved in various renal diseases.35, 36 however, renal failure and nephrotic syndrome were not observed in 8 patients evaluated, except for 2 who had mild proteinuria (supplementary table 3). these data indicated that loss‐of‐function mutations in the mme gene may be not sufficient to cause congenital renal disease.
breast cancer is one of the leading causes of female cancer deaths. early diagnosis with prophylactic may improve the patients' prognosis. so far ultrasound (us) imaging is a popular method in breast cancer diagnosis. however, its accuracy is bounded to traditional handcrafted feature methods and expertise. a novel method named dual-sampling convolutional neural networks (dscnn) was proposed in this paper for the differential diagnosis of breast tumors based on us images. combining traditional convolutional and residual networks, dscnn prevented gradient disappearance and degradation. the prediction accuracy was increased by the parallel dual-sampling structure, which can effectively extract potential features from us images. compared with other advanced deep learning methods and traditional handcraftedfeaturemethods,dscnnreachedthebestperformance withanaccuracyof91.67%andan auc of 0.939. the robustness of the proposed method was also verified by using a public dataset. moreover, dscnn was compared with evaluation from three radiologists utilizing us-bi-rads lexicon categories for overall breast tumors assessment. the result demonstrated that the prediction sensitivity, specificity and accuracy of the dscnn were higher than those of the radiologist with 10- year experience, suggesting that the dscnn has the potential to help doctors make judgement in clinic.
25. davis tme  hunt k  mcaullay d  chubb sap  sillars ba  bruce dg  davis wa   continuing disparities in cardiovascular risk factors and complications between aboriginal and anglo-celt australians with type 2 diabetes: the fremantle diabetes study diabetes care 2012 35 10 2005 2011 10.2337/dc12-0225 22815295
in this study, dh13c120 was isolated from culicoides collected in cattle corrals, and neutralization antibodies were detected in animals from the same areas. seroconversion in animals occurred from june to september, which matched the seasonal peak of culicoides numbers. these results suggest that culicoides is the main vector of this new serotype of tibov, and cattle form the natural host reservoir. the cattle in these localities have high economic value, and most cattle are bred together in herds numbering over 100. the density of culicoides was high in these cattle corrals, facilitating circulation of the new serotype. to understand the impact of this new tibov serotype, further studies are required to characterize its dissemination and pathogenicity.
the in vivo effects of the acidic amino receptor agonist, kainic acid and the inhibitors of the uptake of glutamate, dihydrokainic acid and threo-3-hydroxyaspartate, on spontaneous activity and perforant path evoked field potentials were examined in the dentate gyrus of the rat. the effect of these compounds on extracellular levels of endogenous amino acids in the hippocampus was assessed simultaneously using in vivo microdialysis. kainic acid (10-100 microm) and dihydrokainic acid (1-10 mm) both evoked epileptiform activity and an apparent loss of recurrent inhibition (as assessed using the paired-pulse technique). extracellular increases in taurine, alanine and phosphoethanolamine were noted following administration of kainate (100 microm) and dihydrokainate (1-10 mm). an increase in extracellular glutamate and aspartate was also noted in rats treated with dihydrokainate (100 microm-10 mm). in contrast, threo-3-hydroxyaspartate did not induce epileptiform activity, suggesting that the epileptogenic effects of dihydrokainate and kainate are not mediated by inhibition of uptake. the effect of the n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist, d-2-amino-5-phosphonovalerate on these responses was studied. this compound attenuated the epileptiform activity and reversed the apparent loss of recurrent inhibition in response to both kainic acid and dihydrokainic acid. these data suggest that activation of n-methyl-d-aspartate receptors underlies the epileptogenic effects of both compounds, and the possible mechanisms which might be involved in this response are discussed.
29. schmitz n  admiraal-behloul f  arkink eb  kruit mc  schoonman gg  ferrari md  van buchem ma   attack frequency and disease duration as indicators for brain damage in migraine headache 2008 48 1044 1055 10.1111/j.1526-4610.2008.01133.x 18479421
by means of polarized ultraviolet fluorescence microscopy the conformational changes of f-actin occuring in glycerinated muscle fibers of rabbit and barnacle (balanus rostratus hock.) under the influence of adenosine triphosphate in the presence of ethylene glycol bis(beta-amino-ethyl ether)-n,n'-tetraacetic acid were discovered. these changes seem to be located near the surface of the globules thus hampering the penetration of univalent iones and neutral molecules into the f-actin macromolecule. it is suggested that similar changes of f-actin take place in thin myofilaments of living muscle fiber during the contraction-relaxation process.
maina a. w. wagacha j. m. mwaura f. b. muthomi j. w. woloshuk c. p.   (2016 ). postharvest practices of maize farmers in kaiti district, kenya and the impact of hermetic storage on populations of aspergillus spp. and aflatoxin contamination.
46 nhs england  covid-19 daily deaths 2020 https://www.england.nhs.uk/statistics/statistical-work-areas/covid-19-daily-deaths/ . accessed 15 april 2020
endometrium-derived glycodelin-a inhibits sperm-egg binding, whereas differentially glycosylated seminal plasma glycodelin-s does not. the difference has been ascribed to the specific type of glycosylation of glycodelin-a. we studied whether the total glycodelin concentration or the relative glycodelin-a concentration in seminal plasma are related to the in vitro fertilization rate of oocytes. we found that total glycodelin levels were significantly higher in a quartile of men with the lowest in vitro fertilization rate compared with the remaining 3 quartiles combined (p = .01). however, for predicting low fertilization capacity of sperm, combining the glycodelin and sperm concentrations by logistic regression analysis did not significantly increase the information obtained from sperm concentration alone. we used specific lectin-immunoassays to determine whether increased glycodelin-a-type glycosylation in seminal plasma would be related to failure to fertilize. no difference was found between the groups with high fertilization and no fertilization in vitro. it is concluded that, although high seminal plasma total glycodelin level has a tendency of being associated with a lower fertilization rate, the difference has limited value to predict fertilization in vitro.
in the caudate we observed value differences, which are likely correlates of the choice values during the planning process. the existence of planning value representations in anterior caudate is consistent with evidence for goal-directed impairment after caudate lesions in rodents 29. in addition, a human imaging study has demonstrated elevated activity in anterior caudate when subjects were performing on a high-contingency schedule compared with when they were performing on a low contingency schedule 10.
our results suggest that the ethanol extract of r. equisetiformis show some intrinsic antimalaria activity by its percentage chemo suppression and prophylactic ability against chloroquine-resistant p. berghi parasites. this performance can surely be improved upon in future studies if the crude extract is purified and the active substituents identified. the extracts have considerably low or no toxicities in experimental mice. this findings support the traditional use of this plant for the treatment of malaria.
of increasing prevalence of allergic rhinoconjunctivitis was found over the 7 years between phases 1 and 3. similar to other allergic diseases, the prevalence in atopic dermatitis varies widely betwee
doonan c. j. ; rubie n. d. ; peariso k. ; harris h. h. ; knottenbelt s. z. ; george g. n. ; young c. g. ; kirk m. l.
the sample (n=1,461) was on average 41.3 ± 9.1 yr old, 52% were men and 59.7% were married/in a partnership. high education was reported by 59.7% and 78.8% were working in a non-management position. regarding lifestyle behaviors, there were 11.3% regular alcohol consumers and 57.6% nonsmokers, and 29.6% exercised more than 2 h/wk.
o-1125 (3-(1,1-dimethylhexyl-6-dimethylcarboxamide)-δ8-tetrahydrocannabinol) is a research chemical which is a cannabinoid derivative.
during composting, the composition of microbial communities is subject to constant change owing to interactions with fluctuating physicochemical parameters. this study explored the changes in bacterial and fungal communities during cattle farm waste composting and aimed to identify and prioritize the contributing physicochemical factors. microbial community compositions were determined by high-throughput sequencing. while the predominant phyla in the bacterial and fungal communities were largely consistent during the composting, differences in relative abundances were observed. bacterial and fungal community diversity and relative abundance varied significantly, and inversely, over time. relationships between physicochemical factors and microbial community compositions were evaluated by redundancy analysis. the variation in bacterial community composition was significantly related to water-soluble organic carbon (wsoc), and pile temperature and moisture (p < .05), while the largest portions of variation in fungal community composition were explained by pile temperature, wsoc, and c/n (p < .05). these findings indicated that those parameters are the most likely ones to influence, or be influenced by the bacterial and fungal communities. variation partitioning analyses indicated that wsoc and pile temperature had predominant effects on bacterial and fungal community composition, respectively. our findings will be useful for improving the quality of cattle farm waste composts.
o be related to environmental pollution, but the results from studies of asthma prevalence before and after the unification of germany contradict this theory.  the prevalence of asthma in east germany
staphylococcus aureus as a risk factor for bloodstream infection in children with postoperative mediastinitis.
53. kotoula v.  kalogeras k.t.  kouvatseas g.  televantou d.  kronenwett r.  wirtz r.m.  fountzilas g.   sample parameters affecting the clinical relevance of rna biomarkers in translational breast cancer research virchows arch. int. j. pathol. 2013 462 141 10.1007/s00428-012-1357-1 23262785
38. baskin c.c.  baskin j.m.   seeds: ecology, biogeography, and evolution of dormancy and germination academic press london, uk 2001
plasmodium iophurae: cationized ferritin staining, an electron microscope cytochemical method for differentiating malarial parasite and host cell membranes.
uptodate offers two types of patient education materials, "the basics" and "beyond the basics." the basics patient education pieces are written in plain language, at the 5th to 6th grade reading level, and they answer the four or five key questions a patient might have about a given condition. these articles are best for patients who want a general overview and who prefer short, easy-to-read materials. beyond the basics patient education pieces are longer, more sophisticated, and more detailed. these articles are written at the 10th to 12th grade reading level and are best for patients who want in-depth information and are comfortable with some medical jargon.here are the patient education articles that are relevant to this topic. we encourage you to print or e-mail these topics to your patients. (you can also locate patient education articles on a variety of subjects by searching on "patient info" and the keyword(s) of interest.)●
figure 6. (a) angular component of the maximum measurement error at dmax = 3 m as a function of the estimated angle θt0; (b) maximum estimated shift, due to the presence of angular uncertainty δθt,max, in the computation of the y-coordinate of the point pc at dmax equal to 3 m.
the quasi-linear viscoelastic (qlv) model was applied to incremental stress-relaxation tests and an expression for the stress was derived for each step. this expression was used to compare two methods for normalizing stress data prior to estimating qlv parameters. the first and commonly used normalization method was shown to be strain-dependent. thus, a second normalization method was proposed and shown to be strain-independent and more sensitive to qlv time constants. these analytical results agreed with representative tendon data. therefore, this method for normalizing stress data was proposed for future studies of incremental stress-relaxation, or whenever comparing stress-relaxation at different strains.
lastly, we consider the woman's other medical issues that may be treated by the noncontraceptive benefits of the different methods. for example, symptoms of dysmenorrhea, menorrhagia, and endometriosis-related pain and endometrial hyperplasia do not improve with the copper iuds. women with these issues will likely benefit from a lng iud [40-44]. (see "intrauterine contraception: background and device types".)for women and adolescents who are not directed to another method based on the above conversation, we next review the indications and contraindications listed below to ensure that an iud is appropriate for the patient.contraindications — there are relatively few absolute, evidence-based contraindications to intrauterine contraception [45]. the following are the major conditions in which intrauterine contraception can be contraindicated:●
figure 4 the effect of flavonoids in cses on dc maturation. dcs were treated with different concentrations of flavonoids in cses for 12 h. cells were collected to analyze the expressions of cd40 and cd80 by flow cytometry. (a) mfi of cd40 and cd80 upon cse2w, csemw and cse3w treatment; (b) mfi of cd40 and cd80 upon cse2d, csemd, and cse3d treatment; (c) the supernatants were collected to detect the levels of il-12p40, il-10, and tnf-α by elisa after cse2d, csemd, and cse3d treatment. the concentrations of il-12p40, il-10, and tnf-α are shown. data are from four independent experiments and analyzed by anova. * p < 0.05; ** p < 0.01; *** p < 0.001 compared to untreated dcs. # p < 0.05; ### p < 0.001 compared to dmso treated dcs.
[effect on content of serum inflammatory cytokines of patients with ankylosing spondylitis in early stage treated by long snake moxibustion at governor vessel and functional exercise].
identification of vimentin and novel vimentin-related proteins in xenopus oocytes and early embryos.
this paper examines the relationship between ethnic identification and substance use for 1,346 mexican-heritage preadolescents in a national institute on drug abuse-funded study in phoenix, arizona (2004-2005). participants ranged from 9 to 13 years old, 49% reported their gender as male, 33% self-identified as mexican, and 67% as mexican american, and 91% of the students reported taking part in the free or reduced-price lunch program. questionnaire responses were analyzed by fitting regression models. analyses showed that ethnic identification may play a protective role, with stronger ethnic identification related to more antidrug norms, less positive drug expectations, stronger refusal efficacy, and less intent to use substances. while gender did not significantly moderate the relationships, ethnic identification appears more broadly related to antisubstance-use norms for mexican-born than u.s.-born participants. this study presents important implications for substance-use prevention research among mexican heritage preadolescents. finally, limitations of the study are noted.
the 742,500 inhabitants of dolj district face a high risk of tb since over 10 years. in 1992 the tb incidence was 93.7@100,000 and 155.7@100,000 in 2000 (66% increase). a number of 1156 tb patients were registered in year 2000, 84% new cases and 16% relapses. 82% of the patients had lung lesions, 11.9% had pleurisy and 6.1% had various extra-thoracic lesions. bacteriologic confirmation was 67.7%. the periodic prevalence of smear positive patients, with a high level of 139@100,000 in 1999, determined a high risk for disease among children, also, the tb incidence in this category being 46.8@100,000. the evaluation of treatment results in a cohort of smear positive patients registered in 1999 showed a success rate of only 75.5%. the decrease of the tb endemy level in dolj district depends on improvement of life status in the district, complete use of dots and a good financement of all parts of the national tb control program in 2001-2005.
10. iancu potrubacz m  tepedino m  chimenti c   maxillary canine-first premolar bilateral transposition in a class iii patient: a case report angle orthod. 2016 86 509 519 10.2319/060215-371.1 26280661
head and neck sarcoma: report of the head and neck sarcoma registry. society of head and neck surgeons committee on research.
the secretion of saliva can be induced by several pharmacological drugs that mimic the natural neurotransmitters particularly those of the parasympathetic nervous system. acetylcholine rapidly elicits a large volume of watery saliva, particularly from the serous parotid glands. pilocarpine, a presentative sialogogue, is well known for its largely parasympathetic stimulation and reduces depression of salivary secretion in human[18]. despite the increased salivary secretion after administration of pilocarpine, thirst in the mouth is also induced via the central nervous system[19]. higher dosage of pilocarpine can result in not only increased salivary secretion but also increased water intake. this may raise serious problems when pilocarpine is used as a medication for xerostomia. in order to attenuate the side effects of pilocarpine, the other drugs taken together have been used in clinical practice.
when the salt fluxes across a fixed charge membrane predicted by the teorell-meyer-sievers (tms) theory are compared with experiment it is found that in low-resistance ion-exchange membranes the coupling of ion and water fluxes should be taken into account. an examination of equivalent conductance and electro-osmotic data show that coupling occurs to different extents for counterions and co-ions. a satisfactory practical correction is achieved when all sorbed electrolyte, co-ions and counterions, is treated as fully coupled with the osmotic flux while those counterions that exactly balance the fixed charges are regarded as unaffected by the osmotic flux. this procedure can be shown to have a phenomenological justification in terms of the behaviour of pair-wise frictional coefficients.
taken together, our data lend support to our working hypothesis by demonstrating that in vitro treatment of primary neonatal rat microglia with cyanobacteria s. javanicum and s. ocellatum lps will result in both classical or m1 and alternative or m2 activation in a concentration-dependent manner. as our current study was conducted in vitro, and because it has been reported that e. coli and salmonella tiphyimurium lps activate microglia upon systemic administration [53,54,55], future studies are required to determine whether systemic cyanobacterial s. javanicum and s. ocellatum lps will activate microglia in the cns, as well as concomitant pro-inflammatory and anti-inflammatory mediator release.
leishmaniasis is one of the most important neglected tropical diseases (ntds) that are especially common among low-income populations in developing regions of africa, asia, and the americas. many natural products, particularly alkaloids, have been reported to have inhibitory activity against arginase, the key enzyme in the pathology caused by leishmania sp. in this way, piperidine alkaloids (-)-cassine (1), (-)-spectaline (2), (-)-3-o-acetylcassine (3), and (-)-3-o-acetylspectaline (4) were isolated from senna spectabilis flowers. these compounds (1/2 and 3/4) initially present as homologous mixtures were separated by high performance liquid chromatography and evaluated against the promastigote phase of leishmania amazonensis. in addition, molecular docking simulations were implemented in order to probe the binding modes of the ligands 1-4 to the amino acids in the active site of l. amazonensis arginase. alkaloid 2 (ic
the abuse of prescription-controlled substances is a common phenomenon, associated with illicit drug use, in patients suffering with chronic pain and receiving controlled substances for the management of pain. prescription drug abuse in kentucky has led to an increase in medicare and medicaid fraud, as well as physician indictments for unscrupulous practices and increased vigilance and prosecution by the authorities. this study was undertaken to evaluate 400 consecutive patients receiving controlled substances in an interventional pain management practice in western kentucky to evaluate the prevalence of illicit drug use and opioid abuse and noncompliance with opioid therapy. results indicated that patients covered by third-party insurance showed 17% (95% ci, 10%-24%) prevalence of illicit drug use, with patients on medicare, with or without third-party insurance, showing 10% (95% ci, 4%-6%) prevalence, compared to patients on medicare and medicaid with 24% (95% ci, 16%-32%) prevalence, and patients with only medicaid with 39% (95% ci, 29%-49%) prevalence of illicit drug use. in addition, combined use of illicit drugs and misuse of prescription drugs was also seen in a substantially greater proportion of patients in groups iii and iv, with the highest (60%) in group iv with medicaid only, followed by group iii with medicaid supplementation of medicare insurance in 40% of the patients. overall illicit drug use, opioid abuse, and noncompliance of opioids is significant in patients in western kentucky receiving medicaid as a primary insurance or as a supplemental insurance to medicare, despite extensive monitoring, written agreement, and education.
during movement, the synovial fluid held in the cartilage is squeezed out mechanically to maintain a layer of fluid on the cartilage surface (so-called "weeping lubrication").
fungal community and cellulose-degrading genes in the composting process of chinese medicinal herbal residues.
kapsimali m kloosterman wp de bruijn e rosa f plasterk rh wilson sw  micrornas show a wide diversity of expression profiles in the developing and mature central nervous system genome biol 2007 8 r173 17711588
there is a unique system of sanatoriums and health resorts in the russian federation that is not so well known outside the country. these facilities are used for prophylactic treatment of the working population, but they are not part of the health care system. as a result of the historical development, the sanatoriums and health resorts are instead a responsibility of the russian system of social insurance. based on three different empirical studies and a review of research in the field, this article describes the development of sanatoriums and health resorts, the different prophylactic treatments they provide, the medical and economic effects of their treatments, and the role of these facilities in the russian society. the conclusion is that this system of sanatoriums and health resorts seems to be beneficial, both for the people and for the national economy, but there are a number of issues that have to be addressed if the system shall be able to survive in the present economic situation.
congenital cystic lung lesions are rare. mainly affects the lower respiratory patishta.i are congenital cystic malformation and adematozna bronchopulmonary sequestration (bps). the pathogenesis of the occurrence of these malformations is not clear but they have a common clinical course. in most cases, the anomaly is asymptomatic and occurs with infections of the lung during the first year of life. currently congenital lung lesions were classified into five types and is considered by most authors. the anomaly is due to the abnormal proliferation of terminal bronchioles accompanied by inhibition of alveolar development between 7-17 weeks, obstructed airway dysplasia and metaplasia of normal lung tissue. early diagnosis is vital in making a medical decision on how to treat ccam. associated with abnormalities of the urinary tract, cardiovascular system, gastrointestinal atresia, diaphragmatic hernia skeletal abnormalities. in pregnancies in which prenatal lung lesions weighs registered necessary series of ultrasound examinations to track finding and using the doppler to assess how the blood supply of the fault. the clinical presentation of malformations is respiratory distress, respiratory infection, and dyspnea. the use of ct and mra allows better visualization of the pulmonary lesions. with its combination with arteriography and bronchoscopy are used to differentiate ccam and pulmonary sequestration. we present three cases with lung lesions were born in neonatologia clinic at the university hospital of obstetrics and gynecology "maternity" sofia for the period 2010-2012 three cases ccams type 1, operated by 5 meters after birth with a good final outcome without complications in the postoperative period and lack of pulmonary symptoms up to 1 year after birth.
soluble adenylyl cyclase-dependent microtubule disassembly reveals a novel mechanism of endothelial cell retraction.
10. kendler ks  gardner co  prescott ca   toward a comprehensive developmental model for major depression in women am j psychiatry 2002 159 7 1133 1145 12091191
to explore the underlying mechanisms linked to xpo1 expression and radiosensitivity, differentially expressed genes (degs) between the rr-xpo1-high and rs-xpo1-low groups were separately identified using the “edger” r package. when there was a false discovery rate (fdr) q < 0.01 and fold change (fc) > 2.0, significant genes were defined (supplementary images 1a,b). similarities of significant genes in both the cgga and tcga cohorts were classified as significant degs (supplementary images 1c,d). next, upregulated and downregulated ppi networks were built using cytoscape software (version 3.6.0). the cytoscape plug-in molecular complex detection (mcode) was applied to investigate modules in protein–protein interaction (ppi) networks. another cytoscape plug-in termed cluego was used to detect corresponding kyoto encyclopedia of genes and genomes (kegg) pathways where genes in notable modules were enriched. gene set enrichment analysis (gsea) was used to validate kegg pathways uncovered using gsea software (version 4.0.1).
saliva of blood-sucking arthropods contains a complex and diverse mixture of antihemostatic, antiinflammatory, and immunomodulatory compounds. the d7 salivary family of proteins is abundantly expressed in blood-feeding diptera and is distantly related to the odorant-binding protein superfamily. in mosquitoes, two subfamilies exist, the long and short d7 proteins. ticks and kissing bugs evolved salivary lipocalins that act as efficient scavengers of biogenic amines, and a similar function was postulated for the d7 proteins. accordingly, we expressed the five members of the small d7 family of the african malaria vector anopheles gambiae and a d7 long form from aedes aegypti and showed by isothermal microcalorimetry, a modified and very sensitive non-equilibrium chromatography/spectrum distortion method, and by smooth muscle bioassay that four of these five short d7 proteins and the d7 long form bind serotonin with high affinity, as well as histamine and norepinephrine. the nonbinding d7 protein is poorly expressed in the salivary glands and appears to be on the path to becoming a pseudogene. scavenging of host amines would antagonize their vasoconstrictor, platelet-aggregating, and pain-inducing properties. it appears that counteracting biogenic amines is of strong adaptive value in the convergent evolution of arthropods to hematophagy. this adaptation has been solved independently in ticks, bugs, and mosquitoes by co-option of either member of the lipocalin or, as shown here, by the odorant-binding protein families.
methods for classifying chronic pain in population studies are highly variable, and prevalence estimates ranges from 11% to 64%. limited knowledge about the persistence of pain and the validity of recall questions defining chronic pain make findings difficult to interpret and compare. the primary aim of the current study was to characterize the persistence of pain in the general population and to validate recall measures against longitudinal reporting of pain. a random sample of 6419 participants from a population study (the hunt 3 study in norway) was invited to report pain on the sf-8 verbal pain rating scale every 3 months over a 12-month period and to report pain lasting more than 6 months at 12-month follow-up. complete data were obtained from 3364 participants. pain reporting was highly stable (intraclass correlation 0.66, 95% confidence interval 0.65 to 0.67), and the prevalence of chronic pain varied considerably according to level of severity and persistence: 31% reported mild pain or more, whereas 2% reported severe pain on 4 of 4 consecutive measurements. when defined as moderate pain or more on at least 3 of 4 consecutive measurements, the prevalence was 26%. compared with the longitudinal classification, a cross-sectional measure of moderate pain or more during the last week on the sf-8 scale presented a sensitivity of 82% and a specificity of 84%, and a sensitivity of 80% and a specificity of 90% when combined with a 6-month recall question. thus pain reporting in the general population is stable and cross-sectional measures may give valid prevalence estimates of chronic pain.
levodopa-induced dyskinesias (lid) in parkinson's disease (pd) are frequent complications, and the endocannabinoid system has a role on its pathophysiology. to test the hypothesis that the functioning of the endocannabinoid system would be altered in pd and in lid by measuring plasma and csf levels of α-n-arachidonoylethanolamine (aea) and 2-arachidonoyl-glycerol (2-ag) in patients with pd with and without lid and in healthy controls. blood and csf samples were collected from 20 healthy controls, 23 patients with pd without lid, and 24 patients with pd with lid. the levels of aea and 2-ag were measured using a highly sensitive column switching ultrahigh-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry method. when pooled together, patients with pd had lower plasma and csf levels of 2-ag and higher csf levels of aea compared to healthy controls (mann-whitney statistics = 303.0, p = 0.02). patients with pd without lid had lower csf levels of 2-ag (kruskal-wallis statistics = 7.76, p = 0.02) and higher csf levels of aea levels than healthy controls (kruskal-wallis statistics = 8.81, p = 0.01). the findings suggest that the endocannabinoid system participates in the pathophysiology of pd symptoms, but its role in the pathophysiology of lid is still unclear.
there is also some evidence that schistosomiasis in pregnancy contributes to increased maternal morbidity and low birth weight [13]. like hookworm infection, schistosomiasis is an important cause of anemia in africa [5],[14], but in addition, schistosome eggs can be deposited in the placenta where they cause inflammation, and this feature may also contribute to adverse maternal-fetal outcomes [13]. therefore, there is a need for expanded studies of praziquantel administration during pregnancy to complement the studies purporting a beneficial effect of anthelmintic drugs for hookworm and other soil-transmitted helminth infections.
prognostic factors that are consistently associated with poor response to treatment in late life bipolar disorder include poor adherence, comorbid substance use disorders, and comorbid neurologic disorders [6].geriatric bipolar patients generally recover from their mood episodes, and appear to do so more often than younger patients. as an example, the systematic treatment enhancement program for bipolar disorder (step-bd) found that recovery from mood episodes occurred in significantly more geriatric patients than younger patients (78 versus 67 percent) [17].geriatric bipolar disorder with late-onset (age 50 years or more) may have a better short-term prognosis than earlier-onset bipolar disorder that has persisted into later life [57]. an observational study found that time to remission of manic or mixed (concurrent manic and depressive symptoms) episodes was shorter for 141 late-onset patients compared with 323 earlier-onset patients (40 versus 56 days) [58].society guideline links
research demonstrates that social support facilitates recovery from a mental illness. stigma negatively impacts the social support available to persons with mental illness (pwmis). we investigated how religious beliefs about mental illness influenced the types of social support individuals would be willing to give pwmis. christian participants indicated their denominational affiliation and their religious beliefs about mental illness. we then asked participants to imagine a situation in which their friend had depression. participants indicated their willingness to give secular and spiritual social support (e.g., secular: recommending medication; spiritual: recommending prayer). christians' beliefs that mental illness results from immorality/sinfulness and that mental illnesses have spiritual causes/treatments both predicted preference for giving spiritual social support. evangelical christians endorsed more beliefs that mental illnesses have spiritual causes/treatments than mainline protestant and roman catholic christians, and they endorsed more preference for giving spiritual social support than roman catholic christians.
enacted as part of the watershed civil rights act of 1964, title vi prohibits discrimination by federally assisted entities on the basis of race, color, or national origin. indeed, the law is as broad as federal funding across the full range of programs and services that affect health. over the years, governmental enforcement efforts have waxed and waned, and private litigants have confronted barriers to directly invoking its protections. but title vi endures as the formal mechanism by which the nation rejects discrimination within federally funded programs and services. enforcement efforts confront problems of proof, remedies whose effectiveness may be blunted by underlying residential segregation patterns, and a judiciary closed to legal challenges focusing on discriminatory impact rather than intentional discrimination. but title vi enforcement has experienced a resurgence, with strategies that seek to use the law as a basic compliance tool across the range of federally assisted programs. this resurgence reflects an enduring commitment to more equitable outcomes in federally funded programs that bear directly on community health, and it stands as a testament to the vital importance of a legal framework designed to move the nation toward greater health equity.
development and implementation of a conflict-based assessment of pedestrian safety (caps) to evaluate accessibility of complex intersections.
one of the most important solvent physical parameters for aggregation is the cohesive energy density (ced), for it gives an idea of the structured state of the solvent. nevertheless, our studies on the behavior of catanionic amphiphiles in nonaqueous solvents demonstrated that in order to obtain objects the dielectric constant of the solvent was also a critical parameter, as a too high value of the dielectric constant caused the dissociation of the catanionic ion pair, leading to the separation of the two oppositely charged surfactants composing the catanionic amphiphiles, and then more likely to form small objects such as micelles rather than vesicles. in the case of our glucose-derived catanionic surfactants, vesicles could be obtained in pure water, in glycerol/water mixtures, and in water/formamide mixtures up to a certain ratio of formamide. above a formamide volume fraction of 0.7, only micelles were formed.
ere is no standard method for identifying such products. go to allergic contact dermatitis, pediatric contact dermatitis, and protein contact dermatitis for complete information on these topics.  path
sagittal and vertical load-deflection and permanent deformation of transpalatal arches connected with palatal implants: an in-vitro study.
spirometry (masterscope jaeger version 5.1; jaeger, wuerzburg, germany) was conducted in accordance with the american thoracic society/european respiratory society recommendations [13]. fev1 was chosen as a variable of dynamic lung volume because of high reproducibility and common use in clinical practice, and the lln was defined as the fifth percentile (z-score = −1.645). predicted values and z-scores were calculated using the global lung function initiative 2012 (gli-2012) software [14].
the morphology, arrangement, and distribution of the lesions are cardinal features to be identified by visual inspection and palpation. in many cases, the location of one or multiple skin lesions and the arrangement of multiple lesions in relation to each other can suggest a particular diagnosis (table 9 and figure 1a-b). (see 'lesion morphology and distribution' above.)acknowledgment
molecular dynamics simulations are adopted to calculate the equation of state characteristic parameters p*, rho*, and t* of isotactic polypropylene (ipp) and poly(ethylene-co-octene) (peoc), which can be further used in the sanchez-lacombe lattice fluid theory (sllft) to describe the respective physical properties. the calculated t* is a function of the temperature, which was also found in the literature. to solve this problem, we propose a boltzmann fitting of the data and obtain t* at the high-temperature limit. with these characteristic parameters, the pressure-volume-temperature (pvt) data of ipp and peoc are predicted by the sllft equation of state. to justify the correctness of our results, we also obtain the pvt data for ipp and peoc by experiments. good agreement is found between the two sets of data. by integrating the euler-lagrange equation and the cahn-hilliard relation, we predict the density profiles and the surface tensions for ipp and peoc, respectively. furthermore, a recursive method is proposed to obtain the characteristic interaction energy parameter between ipp and peoc. this method, which does not require fitting to the experimental phase equilibrium data, suggests an alternative way to predict the phase diagrams that are not easily obtained in experiments. as an example, in the framework of sllft, the spinodal curve for the ipp/peoc blend is predicted at the low molecular weights that are used in the simulations.
multiple-scattering suppression in dynamic light scattering based on a digital camera detection scheme.
the bone marrow stroma, represented in long-term marrow culture by cells of the adherent layer, is composed of a heterogenous mixture of macrophages and mesenchymal cells, including fibroblasts, endothelial cells and adipocytes, in association with a proteoglycan matrix. this matrix, which is synthesized by the stroma, is capable of binding hematopoietic growth factors, and likely plays a major role in hematopoietic regulation. clonally-derived non-transformed bone marrow stromal cells, propagated in the presence of basic fibroblast growth factor, were studied for expression of collagenase, an enzyme whose substrate, collagen, is a major component of the extracellular matrix. expression of steady-state collagenase mrna was undetectable in both unstimulated dermal fibroblasts and non-transformed marrow stromal cells. however, stimulation with interleukin 1 alpha (10 u/ml) for 24 h resulted in marked accumulation of collagenase mrna in dermal fibroblast cells, yet failed to elicit a similar response in bone marrow stromal cells. both marrow stromal cells and dermal fibroblasts constitutively expressed transcripts of collagen i, and rhil-1 alpha upregulated transcripts of interleukin 6 in both these cells as well. although similar in morphology, these data indicate that bone marrow stromal cells differ from fibroblasts in their response to il-1. in the marrow microenvironment, where il-1 may be secreted by a variety of cell types, such suppression of collagenase expression may serve to prevent unwanted mobilization of collagen from the glycoprotein matrix by marrow stromal cells.
biosynthesis of lipid a. formation of acyl-deficient lipopolysaccharides in salmonella typhimurium and escherichia coli.
young hiv-positive male patient with severe atopic dermatitis on dupilumab and sars-cov-2 infection, a pioneer hypothesis.
comparative analysis of the mechanical properties between the fiber-reinforced composite and zirconium posts.
10 guyatt g.h.  feeny d.h.  patrick d.l.   1993 measuringhealth-related quality of life ann intern med 118 8 622 629 8452328
in this paper, we propose a constant modulus algorithm (cma) for mode division multiplexing (mdm) systems with improved convergence performance. in order to adapt to sparse channels with large differential mode group delay (dmgd) in mdm systems, the cma adopts a variable step size similar to the improved proportionate normalized least-mean-square (ipnlms) algorithm. in additional to that, when a singularity problem is encountered or the tap values fail to converge, it reinitializes the tap coefficients according to the tap vectors of the successfully de-multiplexed data tributaries. the proposed initialization approach is based on the fact that the channel matrix is unitary in the frequency domain in the absence of mode dependent loss (mdl), which means the channel coefficient vectors for each data tributary should be orthogonal to each other. by limiting the initial values of the taps within the null space of the complex conjugate vectors of the successfully de-multiplexed channels, singularity can be effectively avoided and the convergence of the taps is guaranteed. when the number of modes is two, the proposed algorithm becomes the constrained cma, which has been commonly implemented in polarization division multiplexing (pdm) systems. although the algorithm has been derived under zero mdl assumption, it is found that the proposed cma can be quite resilient to mdl. no singularity/tap convergence failure problem occurs when the mdl is below 4 db at both the input and the output ports.
the prevalence of agglutinating serum antibodies against coxiella burnetii, the cause of q fever in humans, was tested in a hospital population of companion animals and livestock in california during 1973--1975. a sample of stray dogs was also tested. among the hospitalized animals 346 (48%) of 724 dogs, 7 (9%) of 80 cats, 9 (32%) of 28 cattle and 31 (26%) of 121 horses had antibodies against c. burnetii. of 316 stray dogs 208 (66%) were seropositive. the overall prevalence of 53% among 1040 dogs tested was comparable to the 63% antibody prevalence found in an earlier survey among coyotes and foxes in wildlife areas of california. when the dog was considered as a sentinel animal for the presence of c. burnetii surrounding household environments, it was hypothesized that the common, low level exposures in the community are similar to those found in more remote wildlife areas.
s the skin to develop sensitization to topical agents. skin irritation by both nonallergenic and allergenic compounds induces langerhans cell migration and maturation.an exacerbation of irritant conta
spy0128 contains two intramolecular isopeptide bonds, and to generate the isopeptag one of these bonds was split by removing the last β-sheet in the protein.
fumonisins are mycotoxins that are found worldwide. they are mainly produced by fusarium verticillioides during its development on corn. the main toxic effects of these molecules have been well characterized in poultry in the case of acute exposure, but the subclinical and economic effects of chronic exposure are less known. whereas the latest european recommendations suggest that maximal levels of fumonisins in corn could reach 60 mg/kg and the maximal contamination of poultry feeds could reach 20 mg/kg, no study is available at this level in turkeys. the aim of the present work was thus to characterize the effects of exposure to fumonisins (concentrations of 0, 5, 10, and 20 mg of fumonisin b1 + fumonisin b2/kg of feed) on feed consumption and growth in turkeys over a period of 9 wk. main biochemical parameters of the liver and alteration of sphingolipid metabolism were investigated in plasma, liver, and kidney. the main results showed no effect on feed consumption and growth in exposed turkeys. moreover, no effect was observed on the weight of tissues and markers of liver injury. by contrast, a disruption of sphingolipid metabolism was clear at a level of exposure of 10 and 20 mg of fumonisin b1 + fumonisin b2 mg/kg of feed. both hepatic and kidney concentrations of sphinganine increased gradually throughout the exposure period. these results reveal that disruption of sphingolipid metabolism is an early and sensitive biomarker of fumonisins exposure in turkeys; the consequences on these alterations remain to be established.
i looked back on myself a lot…i was not satisfied with my life and had a lot of complaints, but i had introspections through the patients who were thankful for the small things although they did not have much. that was a big thing for me.
the env polyprotein consists of a leader peptide (l), surface (su) and transmembrane (tm) glycoproteins.
the purpose of this study was to identify the factors that influence the shopping attitudes of college students with and without adhd. this study also examined the effects of adhd on the academic and social lives of college students. the sample consisted of 219 university students. these students were interviewed by a psychiatrist with regard to adhd symptoms according to the dsm-iv. the adult adhd self report scale (asrs), the teen interpersonal influence scale, and a demographic information form were used as measurement devices. the adhd and control groups were classified in three different ways: (1) met the adhd criteria for both clinical diagnosis and the asrs; (2) met only the criteria for clinical diagnosis; or (3) met only the criteria of the asrs. our research shows that individuals with adhd experience more problems with money management and are more affected by the media, friends, and brands compared with individuals without adhd. smoking and alcohol use disorders, accidents, being held back, and disciplinary actions often accompany adhd in college students. to the best of our knowledge, the shopping attitudes of young adults with adhd and the influence of the media, peers, family, and brands have not been studied until now.
[differentiation of debility from mental retardation in the methodology of studies before school admission].
telemedicine for remote surgical guidance in endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography: mixed methods study of practitioner attitudes.
mononuclear cupredoxins contain a type 1 copper center with a trigonal or tetragonal geometry usually maintained by four ligands, a cystein, two histidines and a methionine. the recent discovery of new members of this family with unusual properties demonstrates, however, the versatility of this class of proteins. changes in their ligand set lead to drastic variation in their metal site geometry and in the resulting spectroscopic and redox features. in our work, we report the identification of the copper ligands in the recently discovered cupredoxin acop. we show that even though acop possesses a classical copper ligand set, it has a highly perturbed copper center. in depth studies of mutant's properties suggest a high degree of constraint existing in the copper center of the wild type protein and even the addition of exogenous ligands does not lead to the reconstitution of the initial copper center. not only the chemical nature of the axial ligand but also constraints brought by its covalent binding to the protein backbone might be critical to maintain a green copper site with high redox potential. this work illustrates the importance of experimentally dissecting the molecular diversity of cupredoxins to determine the molecular determinants responsible for their copper center geometry and redox potential.
whitening rinses work by reaction of the oxygen sources such as hydrogen peroxide within the rinse and the chromogens on or within the tooth.
significant variations in the productivity of green macroalgae in a mesotidal estuary: implications to the nutrient loading of the system and the adjacent coastal area.
[bronchiolitis obliterans organizing pneumonia presenting with solitary pulmonary nodule and spontan pneumothorax].
concolor: 14m+xm0 (figs 129, 130): nuclei of first meiotic metaphase show clearly seven pairs of metacentric autosomes and one metacentric x chromosome (figs 129, 130). the metacentric autosomes appear strikingly different from the usual acrocentrics typical of spiders. most of the bivalents are held together by just one arm at first metaphase, the other free.
the flux of dissolved inorganic nutrients was obtained by multiplying discharge and concentration values dividing them by the area of drainage basin (a) according to the equation:  (5) fr=discharge×[]a
figure 1 percentage of 3h-citalopram binding induced by different concentrations of linalool on the sert assay. linalyl acetate did not show affinity to the serotonin transporter (data not shown). ***p < 0.0001 vs. the lowest concentration tested.
crohn's disease (cd) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the gastrointestinal tract that leads to substantial suffering for millions of patients. in some patients, the chronic inflammation leads to remodelling of the extracellular matrix and fibrosis. fibrosis, in combination with expansion of smooth muscle layers, leaves the bowel segment narrowed and stiff resulting in strictures, which often require urgent medical intervention. although stricture development is associated with inflammation in the affected segment, anti-inflammatory therapies fall far short of treating strictures. at best, current therapies might allow some patients to avoid surgery in a shorter perspective and no anti-fibrotic therapy is yet available. this likely relates to our poor understanding of the mechanism underlying stricture development. chronic inflammation is a prerequisite, but progression to strictures involves changes in fibroblasts, myofibroblasts and smooth muscle cells in a poorly understood interplay with immune cells and environmental cues. much of the experimental evidence available is from animal models, cell lines or non-strictured patient tissue. accordingly, these limitations create the basis for many previously published reviews covering the topic. although this information has contributed to the understanding of fibrotic mechanisms in general, in the end, data must be validated in strictured tissue from patients. as stricture formation is a serious complication of cd, we endeavoured to summarize findings exclusively performed using strictured tissue from patients. here, we give an update of the mechanism driving this serious complication in patients, and how the strictured tissue differs from adjacent unaffected tissue and controls.
in this study, we evaluated the usefulness of nondestructive biomarkers approach in giant toads (rhinella marina). we obtained blood samples and the residual condition index of toads from rural and industrial zones from coatzacoalcos river, mexico (coa). in the blood samples, we determined the activity of enzymes, lipid peroxidation, and the presence of cell death (apoptosis). we found that the activity of the enzyme delta-aminolevulinic dehydratase was lower. still, the glutathione s-transferase activity and the percentage of apoptosis in erythrocytes were higher in the toads of coa than laboratory toads. meanwhile, some biomarkers in toads showed differences when compared between industrial and rural zones. these results and correlations between biomarkers showed how the response changed in the toads living near the industrial zones. we demonstrate that a nondestructive biomarkers approach can be useful in environmental studies with anuran amphibians.
14 baroiller j-f , d’cotta h , bezault e , wessels s , hoerstgen-schwark g  (2009 ) tilapia sex determination: where temperature and genetics meet . comp biochem physiol a mol integr physiol 153 : 30 –38 doi:10.1016/j.cbpa.2008.11.018 19101647
the concentrations of different sedimentary phosphorus forms and bioavailable phosphorus were studied and the formation mechanism of bap in sediments was discussed, under the conditions of sediments re-suspension. the results show that sediment re-suspension had obvious effect on the distribution of different sedimentary phosphorus forms. the bd-p, al-p, ca-p were increased evidently and the nh4cl-p was decreased with the time of sediment re-suspension extending. the bap in sediments after re-suspended was reduced by 6.59%, indicating that sediment re-suspension could promote the transformation from bap to nonbioavailable phosphorus. the formation of aap might mainly have close relationships with bd-p. after extracting aap, the bd-p was decreased by 33.4% averagely in the sediments after re-suspended, while the release of bd-p in sediments from the control experiment was increased by 19.8%, showing that the formation of aap was affected marked by the properties of bd-p. the olsen-p could be mainly formed from bd-p, al-p, naoh-nrp. the formation of olsen-p was closely correlated to bd-p, based on the release of bd-p, al-p, naoh-nrp.
in june 2008, the german aerospace centre (dlr) presented a robotic system for minimally invasive surgery, the mirosurge.
neuropeptide y inhibited the forskolin-stimulated adenylate cyclase activity in rat hippocampus with the half-maximal effect occurring at 73 nm. the maximal inhibition corresponded to a 17-22% decrease of the control level of enzyme activity. the effect of neuropeptide y was mimicked by the peptide yy but not by the avian pancreatic polypeptide and required micromolar concentrations of gtp. these results indicate that, in the brain, the inhibition of adenylate cyclase activity constitutes a mechanism by which the receptor for neuropeptide y transduces its signal.
relation of weight variability and intentionality of weight loss to disease history and health-related variables in a population-based sample of women aged 55-69 years.
hall sm  the biology of chronically denervated schwann cells ann n y acad sci 1999 883 215 233 10586247 10.1111/j.1749-6632.1999.tb08584.x
merino wethers and brahman x shorthorn steers, offered lucerne or spear grass hay, were used to study the movements of sulphate through pools in plasma and ruminal liquor. the irreversible loss of sulphate from ruminal liquor was 60 and 76% of sulphur ingested for both species fed lucerne and spear grass respectively. the irreversible loss of sulphate from the plasma averaged 67 and 56% of sulphur ingested for animals fed lucerne and spear grass respectively. daily recycling of sulphate to the rumen of sheep was 98 mg sulphur on the lucerne diet and 3.9 mg sulphur on the spear grass diet. sulphate recycling in cattle fed lucerne was 533 mg sulphur; in cattle fed spear grass the value was 234 mg sulphur. over 6 days following an intravenous injection of [35s]sulphate into sheep and cattle fed lucerne, 5-10% of the dose was excreted in the faeces and c. 10% was retained. corresponding values for animals fed spear grass were 23-31% in faeces and 40-51% of the dose retained. after intraruminal injections of [35s]sulphate, animals fed lucerne excreted 15-18% of the dose in the faeces and retained 25-30% of the dose over 6 days. values for animals fed spear grass were 22-26% in faeces and 62-70% retained. it was concluded that sulphate recycling to the rumen is a limiting factor in microbial synthesis for sheep fed low-quality roughage, and that secretion of endogenous sulphur into the postruminal tract of ruminants is of importance in the metabolism of sulphate.
nanoscale cerium oxide is used as a diesel fuel additive to reduce particulate matter emissions and increase fuel economy, but its fate in the environment has not been established. cerium oxide released as a result of the combustion of diesel fuel containing the additive envirox, which utilizes suspended nanoscale cerium oxide to reduce particulate matter emissions and increase fuel economy, was captured from the exhaust stream of a diesel engine and was characterized using a combination of bulk analytical techniques and high resolution transmission electron microscopy. the combustion process induced significant changes in the size and morphology of the particles; ∼15 nm aggregates consisting of 5-7 nm faceted crystals in the fuel additive became 50-300 nm, near-spherical, single crystals in the exhaust. electron diffraction identified the original cerium oxide particles as cerium(iv) oxide (ceo
[establishment of a composite resin inlay technique. part 1. the effects of various curing modes on mechanical properties of composite resins].
a comparison of nonthreaded, enhanced threaded, and ellis fixation pins used in type i external skeletal fixators in dogs.
conformational flexibility of domain iii of annexin v studied by fluorescence of tryptophan 187 and circular dichroism: the effect of ph.
owing to the important role of titanium compounds as polymerization catalyst, compounds with ti-c bonds have been intensively studied.
a mouse model for nonsense mutation bypass therapy shows a dramatic multiday response to geneticin.
the signal that triggers the expression of the ace operon and, in turn, the transition of central metabolism's architecture from acetogenic to gluconeogenic in escherichia coli remains elusive despite extensive research both in vivo and in vitro. here, with the aid of flux analysis together with measurements of the enzymic activity of isocitrate lyase and its acea-mrna transcripts, we provide credible evidence suggesting that the expression of the ace operon in escherichia coli is triggered in response to growth rate-dependent threshold flux-signal of atp. flux analysis revealed that the shortfall in atp supply observed as the growth rate ($\mu $) diminishes from µmax to ≤ 0.43h-1 ($\pm 0.02;n4)\,\,$is partially redressed by up-regulating flux through succinyl coa synthetase (scoa-s). unlike glycerol and glucose, pyruvate cannot feed directly into the two glycolytic atp-generating reactions catalyzed by phosphoglycerokinase (pgk) and pyruvate kinase (pk). on the other hand, glycerol, which upon its conversion to d-glyceraldehyde, feeds into the phosphorylation and dephosphorylation parts of glycolysis including the slp-atp generating reactions, thus preventing atp flux from dropping to the critical threshold signal required to trigger the acetate-diauxic switch until glycerol is fully consumed. the mrna transcriptional patterns of key gluconeogenic enzymes, namely, acka, acetate kinase (ak); pta, phosphotransacetylase (pta); acs, acetyl coa synthetase (acoa-s), and acea; isocitrate lyase (icl), suggest that the pyruvate phenotype is better equipped than the glycerol phenotype for the switch from acetogenic to gluconeogenic metabolism.
for patients who are unable to tolerate compression therapy, are not compliant with compression therapy, or in whom compression therapy is contraindicated (eg, occlusive arterial disease), we suggest horse chestnut seed extract (grade 2b). a typical dose is 300 mg (standardized to 50 mg of escin) twice daily. (see "medical management of lower extremity chronic venous disease", section on 'escin (horse chestnut seed extract)'.)•
for clinically unstable neonates (eg, poor perfusion, lethargy, respiratory distress, and/or apnea, or increasing need for cardiorespiratory support), a platelet transfusion is performed if the platelet count is <50,000/microl.●
ohlemuller r gritti es sykes mt thomas cd   (2006 ) towards european climate risk surfaces: the extent and distribution of analogous and non-analogous climates 1931–2100. global ecology and biogeography 15  (4 ):395 -405
huang d licuanan wy baird ah fukami h   (2011 ) cleaning up the ‘bigmessidae’: molecular phylogeny of scleractinian corals from faviidae, merulinidae, pectiniidae and trachyphylliidae bmc evolutionary biology 11: 37. 10.1186/1471-2148-11-37
a recent quantum mechanical study [w. isaacs and m. a. morrison, phys. rev. a 57, r9 (1998)] discovered pronounced oscillations in cross sections for near-resonant energy transfer collisions of rare-gas atoms with initially aligned rydberg atoms. we analyze such collisions for 17d(m)-->18p(m(')) transitions in the ca-he system semiclassically and show that the oscillations arise from a phase interference process unique to rydberg target states. in addition to explaining the origin of these structures, this analysis explains their disappearance when the relative ca-he velocity goes to infinity and/or the energy defect vanishes and their dependence on the initial and final magnetic quantum numbers of the transition.
unless stated, all chemicals and reagents were purchased from sigma aldrich co. (merck kgaa, darmstadt, germany,). acitretin 25 mg was obtained from silom medical co., ltd. (thailand), and dimethyl sulfoxide (dmso) from amresco llc (oh, usa).
this meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the association between childhood and adolescent obesity and depression. we systematically searched pubmed, psycinfo, embase and science direct for studies that compared prevalence of depression and depressive symptoms in normal weight and obese children and adolescents. observational studies were included if they reported body mass index and assessed depression by validated instruments or diagnostic interviews. quality assessment was performed using the newcastle-ottawa scale. we used the random-effect model to calculate the pooled odds ratios, standard mean differences (smds) and subgroup analysis. findings for a total of 51,272 participants were pooled across 18 studies and examined. our analyses demonstrated a positive association between childhood and adolescent obesity and depression (pooled odds ratio = 1.34, 95% confidence interval [ci]: 1.1-1.64, p = 0.005) and more severe depressive symptoms (smd = 0.23, 95% ci: 0.025-0.44, p = 0.028) in the obese groups. overweight subjects were not more likely to have either depression (pooled odds ratio = 1.16, 95% ci: 0.93-1.44, p = 0.19) or depressive symptoms (smd = 0, 95% ci: -0.101 to 0.102, p = 0.997). non-western and female obese subjects were significantly more likely to have depression and severe depressive symptoms (p < 0.05). in conclusion, obese children and adolescents are more likely to suffer from depression and depressive symptoms, with women and non-western people at higher risk.
the association between cadmium, lead and mercury blood levels and reproductive hormones among healthy, premenopausal women.
all dna constructs (except gcamp6s; see below) were introduced into neurons using third generation lentiviral expression vectors based on the fugw backbone [83]. the construct used for expressing psd-95:egfp (fu-psd-95:egfp-w) was described in detail in [6]. the construct used to express cer:sv2 (fu-cer:sv2a-wm) was made as follows: fugw was modified to fugwm by moving the xhoi site from the 3’ to the 5’ side of the woodchuck hepatitis post-transcriptional regulatory element (wpre). cerulean [30], flanked with agei (5') and bsrgi (3') sites, was synthesized de novo and inserted into fugwm instead of egfp using the agei and bsrgi sites, resulting in the interim construct fucwm. sv2a was then cut out of fu-egfp:sv2a (a generous gift by craig c. garner; [84]) using bsrgi (5’) and xhoi (3’) sites and inserted into fucwm, resulting in fu-cer:sv2a-wm. sequencing confirmed 100% identity with rattus norvegicus sv2a (genbank accession: l01788.1). the construct used to express psd-95:mturq2 was made as follows: large-scale gene synthesis was used to synthesize a fusion of psd-95 and mturquoise [85] flanked by of agei (5’) and ecori (3’) as detailed in [13], and this segment was inserted into fugwm instead of egfp using the agei and ecori sites. a point mutation was then inserted to convert mturquoise into mturquoise2 (isoleucine to phenylalanine; [40]). sequencing confirmed 100% identity with rattus norvegicus discs large homolog 4 (nm_019621.1). all cloning and gene synthesis was done by genscript (piscataway nj, us). the construct used to express egfp:syni (fu-syn:egfp-w) was provided as a generous gift by craig c. garner [86].
genotypes	klbc (mm)	kbbc (mm)	klbr	klac (mm)	kbac (mm)	klerc	volume expansion ratio	gelatinization temp.	gel consistency	amylose %
flavopiridol, fludarabine, and rituximab in mantle cell lymphoma and indolent b-cell lymphoproliferative disorders.
trmt5 mutations cause a defect in post-transcriptional modification of mitochondrial trna associated with multiple respiratory-chain deficiencies
69.7% in the most highly exposed workers. hand-washing frequency of more than 35 times per shift was associated strongly with occupational hand dermatitis.  international statistics  in some european
3 ackerman s  smith lm  gomes pj   ocular itch associated with allergic conjunctivitis: latest evidence and clinical management ther adv chronic dis 2016 1 7 1 52 67 26770669
1. qi y    adiponectin acts in the brain to decrease body weight nat med. 2004 10 524 529 10.1038/nm1029 15077108
11 tiwari r  singh rk   impacts on cells mobility of human beings due to exposure to emf radiation uacee ijaee 2012 2 229 32
. image reconstruction in snr units: a general method for snr measurement . magn reson med . 2005 ;54 :1439 –1447 .16261576
atherosclerosis is one of the major complications of diabetes and involves endothelial dysfunction, matrix alteration, and most importantly migration and proliferation of vascular smooth muscle cells (vsmcs). although hyperglycemia and hyperinsulinemia are known to contribute to atherosclerosis, little is known about the specific cellular signaling pathways that mediate the detrimental hyperinsulinemic effects in vsmcs. therefore, we investigated the cellular mechanisms of hyperinsulinemia-induced migration and proliferation of vsmcs. vsmcs were treated with insulin (100 nm) for 6 days and subjected to various physiological and molecular investigations. vsmcs subjected to hyperinsulinemia exhibited increased migration and proliferation, and this is paralleled by oxidative stress [increased nadph oxidase activity, nadph oxidase 1 mrna expression, and reactive oxygen species (ros) generation], alterations in mitochondrial physiology (membrane depolarization, decreased mitochondrial mass, and increased mitochondrial ros), changes in mitochondrial biogenesis-related genes (mitofusin 1, mitofusin 2, dynamin-related protein 1, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1-alpha, peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma coactivator 1-beta, nuclear respiratory factor 1, and uncoupling protein 2), and increased akt phosphorylation. diphenyleneiodonium, a known nadph oxidase inhibitor significantly inhibited migration and proliferation of vsmcs and normalized all the above physiological and molecular perturbations. this study suggests a plausible crosstalk between mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress under hyperinsulinemia and emphasizes counteracting mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative stress as a novel therapeutic strategy for atherosclerosis.
designing highly conductive ionomers at high temperature and low relative humidity is challenging in proton-exchange membrane fuel cells. perfluorosulfonyl imide ionomers were believed to achieve this goal, owing to their exceptional acidity and excellent thermal stability. perfluorosulfonyl imide ionomers are less conductive than the analogous perfluorosulfonic acids despite similar membrane microstructure. in this study, the distinct behavior is rationalized by in situ synchrotron infrared spectroscopy during hydration. the protonation mechanism, formation of the protonic moiety and water clustering are totally different for the two different families of membranes. the ionization mediated by trans-to-cis conformational transition of the perfluorosulfonyl imide ionomer is not accompanied by the formation of hydronium ions. in contrast, zundel-ion entities were identified as the elementary protonic complex, which is stable over the hydration range. the h-bond network of surrounding water molecules appears to be less connected and the protons remain highly localized and unavailable for efficient structural transport. the delocalization of protons and their mitigated interaction with the surrounding medium are prominent effects that negatively impact conductivity.
at the beginning of our experience with obalon in a pediatric population, we considered as a primary goal the feasibility and safety of the procedure as well as its effectiveness in terms of weight loss. for that reason, during the first year of the study, we enrolled patients with a wide range of bmi (30 – 50). after a complete analysis of preliminary results, we decided to treat only patients with first-degree obesity and bmi between 30 and 35. results obtained from the current series confirm the effectiveness of treatment in these children. for these reasons, our patients were enrolled in the study despite having bmi that was lower than the value recommended by the european guidelines on surgery of severe obesity 16.
chimeric tumor necrosis factor-trka receptors reveal that ligand-dependent activation of the trka tyrosine kinase is sufficient for differentiation and survival of pc12 cells.
20 amarnath gs  indra kumar hs  muddugangadhar bc   bond strength and tensile strength of surface treated resin teeth with microwave cured and heat cured acrylic resin denture base: an in-vitro study int j clin dent sci 2011 2 27 32
spot scanning is a well-established technique to deliver the dose with hadron therapy systems. for many years re-scanning (called also re-painting) has been used to achieve uniform dose distribution in particular for moving organs, although it leads to an increase of the treatment time. reducing this time is a major focus of present research. in this paper, after reviewing the current re-scanning techniques, sparse proportional re-scanning is defined and applied to 29 proton patient cases for a total of 54 fields. in this technique, only the highest weighted spot in the whole target is visited a number of times that is equal to the number n of re-scans. the number of visits of the beam spot to all remaining spots is scaled down proportionally to their weight. sparse proportional re-scanning is advantageous especially in volumetric re-scanning. in order to quantify the potential advantages of this technique in terms of treatment time, a reduction factor of the number of scanned spots has been introduced, evaluated and analysed for 54 proton fields. the conclusion is that the reduction factor is a function of n (having values equal to 2.8 ± 0.3 and 3.6 ± 0.4 for n = 5 and n = 12 respectively) and does not depend either on the shape and volume of the target or on the distance between the scanned layers and the spot grid. the same values are approximately valid also for carbon ion treatments.
8. turner lm  hoekstra he   causes and consequences of the evolution of reproductive proteins international journal of developmental biology 2008 52 769 780 18649289
[all russian national conference on "kazan school of therapists" 'dedicated to 235th anniversary of m ia mudrov].
30. bouwman a. f.  beusen a. h. w.  griffioen j.  van groenigen j. w.  hefting m. m.  oenema o.  van puijenbroek p. j. t. m.  seitzinger s.  slomp c. p.  stehfest e.   global trends and uncertainties in terrestrial denitrification and n 2 o emissions philosophical transactions of the royal society b: biological sciences 2013 368 1621 20130112 10.1098/rstb.2013.0112
47. zhang n.  ying m.-d.  wu y.-p.  zhou z.-h.  ye z.-m.  li h.  lin d.-s.   hyperoside, a flavonoid compound, inhibits proliferation and stimulates osteogenic differentiation of human osteosarcoma cells plos one 2014 9 e98973 10.1371/journal.pone.0098973 24983940
tahmasian m. bettray l. m. van eimeren t. drzezga a. timmermann l. eickhoff c. r.   (2015 ). a systematic review on the applications of resting-state fmri in parkinson’s disease: does dopamine replacement therapy play a role?
the term overactive bladder (oab) was first proposed by wein and abrams to describe “urgency” and “urge-incontinence” symptoms (1). the syndrome is currently defined as the presence of urinary urgency with or without incontinence, usually associated with increased urinary frequency and nocturia, in the absence of an urinary tract infection or other diseases (2). overactive bladder is a clinical condition with a high prevalence in the general population, with values ranging from 10.8% to 46.9% depending on the population studied and definitions used for the diagnosis (3-5). community surveys in the united states and europe indicate that symptoms of oab are common among both male and female adults, being more prevalent in women than men (30-40% versus 15-30%). oab in men can be secondary to bladder outlet obstruction (6, 7).
khatter h. myasnikov a. g. natchiar s. k. klaholz b. p.   (2015 ). structure of the human 80s ribosome . nature
continuous data are presented as mean ± standard error of the mean (sem). kolmogorov-smirnov test was used to check the normality of distributions of continuous variables. paired samples t-test were used for between group comparisons, in cases of two groups of continuous variables. analysis of variance (anova) or kruskal-wallis test were used for between group comparisons, in cases of more than two groups of continuous variables. in case of significant differences, bonferroni post-hoc correction was used for multiple pairwise comparisons. in all the above mentioned tests, p<0.05 was considered statistically significant. statistical analysis was performed with spss 21.0 for macintosh (ibm corp., armonk, ny).
36. shur v.y.   nano- and micro-domain engineering in normal and relaxor ferroelectrics advanced dielectric, piezoelectric and ferroelectric materials—synthesis, characterization & applications ye z.g.   woodhead publishing ltd. cambridge, uk 2008 622 669
the investigation was carried out to elucidate a possible relationship between the amount of estrogen receptors and bone mineral content in patients with breast tumors. bone mineral content (bmc) was measured by photon absorptiometry in the distal forearm of 54 women with untreated breast carcinoma and 19 with benign breast tumor. the concentration of unoccupied high affinity estrogen receptors was measured in breast tumor biopsy specimens. higher values of bmc were found in the total group of estrogen receptor-positive patients with breast carcinoma compared with estrogen receptor-negative patients, but not after dividing the patients into smaller groups according to age. no significant correlation could be seen between the amount of estrogen receptors and bone mineral content. in conclusion the present study could not support a relationship between the amount of estrogen receptors in breast cancer tissue and the amount of bone mineral and bone mass in women with breast tumors.
the composition of the faa pool is especially critical in dry seeds, since it ensures proper desiccation, longevity, germination, and seed vigor (angelovici et al. 2011; galili et al. 2014). despite this, very little is known about the function, genetic architecture, and regulation of faas. the faa pool comprises 1–10% of total seed amino acid content in maize (muehlbauer et al. 1994; amir et al. 2018) and ∼7% in arabidopsis thaliana (cohen et al. 2014; amir et al. 2018). although the relative size of the faa pool is small, manipulation of faas in seeds can have a substantial contribution to crop seed nutritional biofortification (galili and amir 2013). nevertheless, several studies have also shown that manipulation of specific faas can have pleiotropic effects on growth and germination, indicating their metabolism is intertwined with other key metabolic processes in the seeds (galili and amir 2013; amir et al. 2018). thus, uncovering more about the relative influence of these metabolic processes can help tailor a more effective approach to faa manipulation and biofortification.
5 young a  chaudhry hj  rhyne j  dugan m   a census of actively licensed physicians in the united states, 2010 journal of medical regulation 2010 96 4 11 20
shibre t alem a abdulahi a araya m beyero t medhin g deyassa n negash a nigatu a kebede d fekadu a trimethoprim as adjuvant treatment in schizophrenia: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial schizophr bull 2010 36 846 851 10.1093/schbul/sbn191 19193743
s. it is composed primarily of cis -1,4-polyisoprene, a benign organic polymer that confers most of the strength and elasticity of latex. it also contains a large variety of sugars, lipids, nucleic ac
cardiac hemangiomas are benign cardiac tumors that account for 5-10% of all benign tumors of the heart (grebenc ml, rosado de christenson ml, burke ap, green ce, galvin jr. radiographics 2000; 20(4): 1073-1103). they occur in any cardiac location, including the pericardium (brodwater b, erasmus j, mcadams hp, dodd l. j comput assist tomogr 1996; 20(6): 954-956). magnetic resonance imaging (mri) has an excellent contrast resolution and multiplanar capability to allow optimal evaluation of myocardial infiltration, pericardial involvement and/or extracardiac extension (brown ji, barakos ja, higgins cb. j thorac imaging 1989; 4(2): 58-64). this is a case report of cardiac hemangioma involving the ventricular septum with radiological and pathological correlation. it illustrates the capability of the mri to non-invasively detect histological and flow characteristics of the tumor.
acturing process. basic knowledge of the manufacturing processes aids in understanding the medical problems related to latex exposure. freshly harvested latex from malaysia, indonesia, thailand, and s
a retrospective analysis of adenovirus serotypes associated with gastroenteritis involved the examination of 143 stool specimens collected between 1983 and 1986 from symptomatic patients whose stools were positive for adenovirus by electron microscopy. the virus isolates obtained from 140 of the specimens were typed according to the smai cleavage pattern of the viral dna and by neutralization with specific antisera. the predominant types were adenovirus type 31 (ad31) (18%), ad40 (16.9%), and ad41 (38%), which together accounted for more than 70% of the isolates. the remaining virus isolates were typed as ad1, 2, 3, 5, 7, and 12. dna restriction analysis proved to be better than serum neutralization for identification of the enteric adenovirus serotypes in stool specimens. hindiii cleavage identified four ad41 variants, none of which had a hindiii restriction pattern identical to that of the prototype strain tak. over the time period of the study, the incidence of ad40 showed an overall decrease accompanied by an increased incidence of ad41, while the incidence of ad31 was relatively stable.
lr_bc	92.40 (93.64,1.62)	89.06 (92.77,3.15)	90.48 (90.09,3.42)	89.76 (91.25,2.19)	0.9825 (0.9847,0.58)	0.8796
[localization of the inferior alveolar artery and of the inferior alveolar nerve in the mandibular foramen].
mazzaferri el  management of a solitary thyroid nodule n engl j med 1993 328 553 559 8426623 10.1056/nejm199302253280807
transient ischemia of the extremities was applied in compression or traumatic neuropathies affecting radial nerve (17 cases), ulnar nerve (3 cases), upper brachial plexus (4 cases) or peroneal nerve (10 cases). the limb opposite to that displaying paresis was submitted repeatedly to a 15-minute-period of ischemia every other day for two weeks. the procedure induced in most patients (27 out of 34 cases) a motor improvement of variable degree. in some patients (13 cases) the motor recovery occurred two days or more after starting the procedures, while in others (14 cases) during the very day in which the initial session of ischemia was made or even during the first hour of procedure application. the most beneficial effects of peripheral ischemia were noted in compression neuropathy of peroneal nerve palsy, 9 out of 10 patients with such a disorder being improved by the procedure. we suppose that the method of therapy proposed by us restores promptly the motility of patients with compression neuropathy by inducing a long-lasting activation of some central neural mechanisms.
14 lee hm , sugino h , aoki c , nishimoto n  (2011 ) underexpression of mitochondrial-dna encoded atp synthesis-related genes and dna repair genes in systemic lupus erythematosus . arthritis res ther 13 : r63 21496236
genomic imprinting regulates parent-specific transcript dosage during seed development and is mainly confined to the endosperm. elucidation of the function of many imprinted genes has been hampered by the lack of corresponding mutant phenotypes, and the role of imprinting is mainly associated with genome dosage regulation or allocation of resources. disruption of imprinted genes has also been suggested to mediate endosperm-based post-zygotic hybrid barriers depending on genetic variation and gene dosage. here, we have analyzed the conservation of a clade from the mads-box type i class transcription factors in the closely related species arabidopsis arenosa, a. lyrata, and a. thaliana, and show that agl36-like genes are imprinted and maternally expressed in seeds of arabidopsis species and in hybrid seeds between outbreeding species. in hybridizations between outbreeding and inbreeding species the paternally silenced allele of the agl36-like gene is reactivated in the hybrid, demonstrating that also maternally expressed imprinted genes are perturbed during hybridization and that such effects on imprinted genes are specific to the species combination. furthermore, we also demonstrate a quantitative effect of genetic diversity and temperature on the strength of the post-zygotic hybridization barrier. markedly, a small decrease in temperature during seed development increases the survival of hybrid f1 seeds, suggesting that abiotic and genetic parameters play important roles in post-zygotic species barriers, pointing at evolutionary scenarios favoring such effects. open research badges: this article has earned an open data badge for making publicly available the digitally-shareable data necessary to reproduce the reported results. the data is available at https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/bioproject/?term=prjna562212. all sequences generated in this study have been deposited in the national center for biotechnology information sequence read archive (https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sra/) with project number prjna562212.
a 20-yr-old woman with chronic liver disease and angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy presented with marked hypoxemia caused by intrapulmonary shunt. her respiratory tract showed her to be free of angioimmunoblastic lymphadenopathy manifestations. after 12 months of treatment with cyclophosphamide and corticosteroid, the immunologic disease disappeared. unexpectedly, hypoxia-associated intrapulmonary shunt was no longer present either. to the best of our knowledge, this is the first case of dramatic improvement, with medical therapy, of severe hypoxemia related to noncirrhotic liver disease. however, the mechanism by which this treatment caused the regression of intrapulmonary shunt is unknown.
genes subjected to genomic imprinting are often associated with prenatal and postnatal growth. furthermore, it has been observed that maternally silenced/paternally expressed genes tend to favour offspring growth, whilst paternally silenced/maternally expressed genes will restrict growth. one imprinted cluster in which this has been shown to hold true is the gnas cluster; of the three proteins expressed from this cluster, two, gsα and xlαs, have been found to affect postnatal growth in a number of different mouse models. the remaining protein in this cluster, nesp55, has not yet been shown to be involved in growth. we previously described a new mutation, ex1a-t, which upon paternal transmission resulted in postnatal growth retardation due to loss of imprinting of gsα and loss of expression of the paternally expressed xlαs. here we describe maternal inheritance of ex1a-t which gives rise to a small but highly significant overgrowth phenotype which we attribute to reduction of maternally expressed nesp55.
[comparison of various methods of correction of qt intervals during exercise in familial long qt interval syndrome].
with 3 clinical syndromes. irritant dermatitis results from mechanical disruption of the skin due to the rubbing of gloves and accounts for the majority of latex-induced local skin rashes. it is not
to determine rehabilitation exercise program effects under hormone deficient (ovariectomy or ovx) and hormone supplemented [ovx + 17-beta estradiol (e2)] conditions. mature female rats (n = 123) were assigned to ovx or ovx + e2-supplemented groups. ovx and ovx + e2 groups were allocated to one of four conditions: (1) control, (2) hindlimb unweighted (hlu) for 4 weeks to induce muscle atrophy, (3) cage recovery for 2 weeks after hlu, and (4) recovery with 2 weeks of rehabilitation exercise program after 4 weeks of hlu. atrophy following hlu was comparable for ovx and ovx + e2-supplemented rats and was significant in all muscles examined (soleus, tibialis anterior, plantaris, gastrocnemius, quadriceps). also significant with hlu was the decline in muscle force (p < 0.05) in soleus, plantaris, gastrocnemius and tibialis anterior (quadriceps not tested). there were trends toward return of muscle mass in recovery ovx and recovery ovx + e2 groups but only the e2 supplemented ovx rats had return of muscle mass (4/5 muscles studied) with exercise. peak tetanic tension (po) returned to control values in the e2 supplemented exercise rats but not in the unsupplemented exercise group. for example, gastrocnemius po for ovx hlu, ovx recovery and ovx-exercise groups was 82%*, 82%* and 76%* of control. gastrocnemius po for e2 supplemented hlu, recovery and exercise groups was 72%*, 95% and 106% of control (*p < 0.05 compared to control). h&e cross-sections from ovx-exercise rats showed central nuclei. in conclusion, a rehabilitation exercise program to remediate acute atrophy in females appears more effective if e2 is present.
de maio a, hightower le (2020) covid-19, acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards), and hyperbaric oxygen therapy (hbot): what is the link? cell stress chaperones:1–4. 10.1007/s12192-020-01121-0
hasegawa m kishino h yano t dating of the human-ape splitting by a molecular clock of mitochondrial dna j mol evol 1985 15 2 160 174 10.1007/bf02101694 3934395
25 guyon i.   erratum: gene selection for cancer classification using support vector machines machine learning  2001 46 1 389 422
we develop cluster algorithms for a broad class of loop models on two-dimensional lattices, including several standard o(n) loop models at n> or =1. we show that our algorithm has little or no critical slowing-down when 1< or =n< or =2. we use this algorithm to investigate the honeycomb-lattice o(n) loop model, for which we determine several new critical exponents, and a square-lattice o(n) loop model, for which we obtain new information on the phase diagram.
the gut microbiome of insects plays an important role in their ecology and evolution, participating in nutrient acquisition, immunity, and behavior. microbial community structure within the gut is heavily influenced by differences among gut regions in morphology and physiology, which determine the niches available for microbes to colonize. we present a high-resolution analysis of the structure of the gut microbiome in the mormon cricket
design of novel synthetic mts conjugates of bile acids for site-directed sulfhydryl labeling of cysteine residues in bile acid binding and transporting proteins.
we do not suggest the routine use of mycophenolate mofetil (mmf) to treat patients with srns because it has not been shown to be more effective in this group of patients (grade 2b). (see 'mycophenolate' above.)•
systematic assessment of clinical outcomes in bone-level and tissue-level endosseous dental implants.
the main difficulties of trace metals analysis in estuarine and seawater stem from their very low concentration (mug/l to sub-mug/l), and, by contrast, the high salt content (up to 38 g/l in the mediterranean sea). icp-ms allows multi-elemental analysis and offers great sensitivity, but may be strongly affected by matrix effects induced by high salt contents (> 1 g/l). to perform trace metals analysis both in riverine, estuarine and seawater, we have developed a hyphenated method: ion chelation chromatography coupled on-line with icp-ms. iminodiacetate resin, metpac cc-1 (dionex), was used to concentrate most of the trace metals, and to separate them from alkaline and alkaline-earth metals. behaviour of 17 elements (pb, cu, cd, ni, u, cr, mn, al, co, ga, in, zn, v, tl, bi, ag and sn) towards the resin was qualitatively investigated. a method validation, partly derived from afnor standard xpt 90-210, was carried out on 12 elements (pb, cu, cd, ni, u, cr, mn, al, co, ga, bi and in). replicate measurements of multi-elemental standard solutions were used to check linearity, and to determine repeatability and detection limits. method accuracy was then assessed by analysing two certified materials: a synthetic freshwater (srm 1643d), and a natural filtered coastal seawater (nrcc cass-3). an application assay of natural samples from the rhône river (france) was eventually carried out, and the analytical results were found to be consistent with previous works.
10 south africa department of health . national consolidated guidelines for the prevention of mother-to-child transmission of hiv (pmtct) and the management of hiv in children, adolescents and adults . 2015
ncreasingly recognized as a manifestation of type i allergy to latex.it can be fatal without emergent treatment. sensitization is more common in atopic individuals. symptoms generally begin within min
harmonic and anharmonic aspects in the dynamics of bpti: a normal mode analysis and principal component analysis.
the relationship between light adaptation and dark adaptation and its significance for appraisal of the glare effect of different illuminants.
we reported previously the formation of ectopic colonies in widespread areas of the nervous system after transplantation of fetal neural stem cells (nscs) into spinal cord transection sites. here, we characterize the incidence, distribution, and cellular composition of the colonies. nscs harvested from e14 spinal cords from rats that express gfp were treated with a growth factor cocktail and grafted into the site of a complete spinal cord transection. two months after transplant, spinal cord and brain tissue were analyzed histologically. ectopic colonies were found at long distances from the transplant in the central canal of the spinal cord, the surface of the brainstem and spinal cord, and in the fourth ventricle. colonies were present in 50% of the rats, and most rats had multiple colonies. axons extended from the colonies into the host cns. colonies were strongly positive for nestin, a marker for neural precursors, and contained neun-positive cells with processes resembling dendrites, gfap-positive astrocytes, apc/cc1-positive oligodendrocytes, and ki-67-positive cells, indicating ongoing proliferation. stereological analyses revealed an estimated 21,818 cells in a colony in the fourth ventricle, of which 1005 (5%) were ki-67 positive. immunostaining for synaptic markers (synaptophysin and vglut-1) revealed large numbers of synaptophysin-positive puncta within the colonies but fewer vglut-1 puncta. continuing expansion of nsc-derived cell masses in confined spaces in the spinal cord and brain could produce symptoms attributable to compression of nearby tissue. it remains to be determined whether other cell types with self-renewing potential can also form colonies.
bile salts were first tested as epithelial permeation enhancers (pes) for the intestine and buccal routes over 20 years ago. they are not as popular as other pes due to their non-specific mechanism of action and perceived toxicity potential. we revisited two of them by comparing efficacy and toxicity of sodium glycodeoxycholate (sgc) and sodium deoxycholate (dc) for both routes using in vitro and ex vivo methods. cytotoxicity assays in caco-2 cells revealed that both agents altered cellular parameters at concentrations >2 mm over 60 min. both agents reduced the transepithelial resistance (teer) and doubled the p
to get all the eligible studies relating to the legume consumption and risk of colorectal cancer, we conducted a systemic retrieval through medline and embase databases date to december 2014. we used the following terms as key words in combination for the literature search: legume, soy, beans, peas, soybeans, tofu, soymilk, vegetable, diet and colorectal cancer, restricted to english. in addition, reference lists of retrieved articles and current review articles were scanned manually for all relevant additional studies. when multiple studies pertained to the same or partially overlapping population, we used the results with the longest follow-up time or largest sample size.
a nebulised antitumour necrosis factor receptor-1 domain antibody in patients at risk of postoperative lung injury: a randomised, placebo-controlled pilot study.
humic acids in the form of potassium humate (kh), at concentrations exerting a strong inhibitory effect on the formation of n-methyl-n-nitrosourea (mnu) when present during the nitrosation of n-methylurea (mu) at ph 3, did not reduce the mutagenicity of preformed mnu in tradescantia, clone 4430. the inhibitory effect of 20 mg/ml kh corresponds approximately to that of 3.75 mm (0.66 mg/ml) ascorbic acid towards the formation of mnu from the mixture of 7.5 mm mu + 7.5 mm nano2.
social phobia is an anxiety disorder that is accessible to two forms of treatment yielding scientifically validated results: drugs and cognitive-behavioral therapies. graded exposure to feared social situations is fundamental to obtain an improvement of the anxious symptoms. traditionally, exposure therapies are done either in vivo or by imagining the situations. in vivo exposure is sometimes difficult to control and many patients have some difficulties in using imagination. virtual reality (vr) seems to bring significant advantages. it allows exposures to numerous and varied situations. this paper reports the definition of a clinical protocol whose purpose is to assess the efficiency of a vr therapy compared to a cbt and to the absence of treatment for social phobic patients. it explains the illness' diagnosis and its usual treatments. it exposes all the architecture of the study, the assessment tools, the content and unfold of the therapy sessions. it finally reports first results of a clinical trial in a between-group design in 10 patients suffering from social phobia. the virtual environments used in the treatment reproduce four situations that social phobics feel the most threatening: performance, intimacy, scrutiny and assertiveness. with the help of the therapist, the patient learns adapted cognitions and behaviors with the aim of reducing her or his anxiety in the corresponding real situations. the novelty of our work is to address a group of situations that the phobic patient is most likely to experience and to treat patients according to a precise protocol.
application of basic epidemiologic principles and electronic health records in a deep learning prediction model.
consumption of xylitol gummy bears may not provide additional caries prevention for school children.
three virulence factors (exoprotease, pyocyanin, and rhamnolipid) and mice mortality were analyzed to assess the effects of 6-gingerol on virulence. production of the three virulence factors was reduced by 6-gingerol in a concentration dependent manner (0, 1, 10, and 100 μm 6-gingerol added): 21–43% suppression for exoprotease, 36–60% suppression for pyocyanin, and 36–60% suppression for rhamnolipid (figs. 4a, b, and c).
the patient received a new staging treatment procedure firstly and an innovative single-position, minimally invasive ivor lewis esophagectomy in our hospital.
tocainide, a newly released class 1b antiarrhythmic agent, has membrane stabilizing and electrophysiologic characteristics similar to those of lidocaine, but it can be prescribed for oral administration. investigational studies in both animals and humans have shown tocainide's effectiveness for the treatment of ventricular arrhythmias in chronic and acute settings. the drug has nearly 100% bioavailability after oral administration and an effective half-life of 9 to 37 hours (mean, 15 hours). antiarrhythmic efficacy is similar to that of other class i medications currently in use. serious side effects most frequently involve the central nervous or gastrointestinal system and occur in 10% to 20% of patients. tocainide has minimal negative inotropic effects and a tendency to shorten effective refractory periods.
the transmissibility and pandemic potential of influenza viruses depends on their ability to efficiently replicate and be released from an infected host, retain viability as they pass through the environment, and then initiate infection in the next host. there is a significant gap in knowledge about viral properties that enable survival of influenza viruses between hosts, due to a lack of experimental methods to reliably isolate viable virus from the air. using a novel technique, we isolate and characterise infectious virus from droplets emitted by 2009 pandemic h1n1-infected ferrets. we demonstrate that infectious virus is predominantly released early after infection. a virus containing a mutation destabilising the haemagglutinin (ha) surface protein displayed reduced survival in air. infectious virus recovered from droplets exhaled by ferrets inoculated with this virus contained mutations that conferred restabilisation of ha, indicating the importance of influenza ha stability for between-host survival. using this unique approach can improve knowledge about the determinants and mechanisms of influenza transmissibility and ultimately could be applied to studies of airborne virus exhaled from infected people.
10.1371/journal.pone.0168055.g004fig 4 cytokine secretion by day 4 differentiated hoxb8 neutrophils upon lps stimulation.
peptides specific to the alternative subunit rrp45a were present in the rrp41 ips, but absent when rst1 was used as bait, suggesting that rst1 may preferentially interact with cer7 (aka rrp45b)-containing exosome complexes. to test this hypothesis, we stably expressed gfp-tagged rrp45a and rrp45b/cer7 in arabidopsis. indeed, both rst1 and ski7 were significantly enriched with cer7 as bait (fig. 5; supplementary data 3). rrp45a co-purified with the nucleoplasmic rna helicase hen2, which confirmed the association of hen2 with exo9-rrp45a previously observed in the reciprocal ip27. the high number of experiments (15 ips) was also sufficient to detect the exoribonuclease rrp44, which is consistently poorly enriched in ips of the arabidopsis exo910,25 (also seen in fig. 4). we cannot formally rule out that the failure to detect rst1 and ski7 with rrp45a-gfp is due to technical reasons. however, our data suggest that rst1 and ski7 are principally associated with rrp45b/cer7. the difference in the interactome of cer7 and rrp45a cannot be explained by different intracellular localisation of the baits, because both cer7-gfp and rrp45a-gfp were present in the nuclear and cytoplasmic compartments (supplementary fig. 2).fig. 5 rst1 and ripr are bound to cer7-containing exosomes. volcano plots show the enrichment of proteins co-purified with gfp-tagged rrp45b/cer7 (a) or rrp45a (b) as compared with control ips. y- and x-axis display adjusted p-value and fold change, respectively. the dashed line indicates the threshold above which proteins are significantly enriched (adjp< 0.05). the source data are available in supplementary data 3
this cross-sectional study in a general hospital revealed that 37.5% of inpatients were alcoholics, excessive drinkers, or probable alcoholics; when only males were considered, that proportion increased to 61.3%. most of the physical disorders were associated with the amount of alcohol consumed. the age-adjusted mortality rate in the hospital was three times higher in alcoholics than in nonalcoholics. a large number of alcohol problems were not detected by the patients' medical team. an interview about alcohol and drug consumption, the cage, the mast brief, and the malt were utilized to diagnose alcoholism; for our population, the former was shown as the most effective instrument.
use of concomitant glucose-lowering therapies and associated treatment results observed in clinical trials of twice-daily exenatide.
dubrovsky jg  sauer m  napsucialy-mendivil s  ivanchenko mg  friml j    2008 auxin acts as a local morphogenetic trigger to specify lateral root founder cells proc natl acad sci u s a 105 8790 8794 18559858
as interest in probiotics increases, the need for accurate description of probiotic compositions present in commercial products is also increasing. since bifidobacterium longum used as probiotics is labeled at species or subspecies levels, a detection method for distinguishing b. longum subsp. longum, infantis, and suis is needed. thus, we designed three lamp primer sets for b. longum subspecies. each primer set was specific for the target subspecies. the detection level was 0.2 pg for each target dna (about 10
the phoenix (spacecraft) discovered water ice with made direct observations since it landed in a field of polygons.
ng. pruritus provokes rubbing that produces clinical lesions, but the underlying pathophysiology is unknown. some skin types are more prone to lichenification, such as skin that tends toward eczematou
recent advances in -omic profiling technologies have ushered in an era where we no longer want to merely measure the presence or absence of a biomolecule of interest, but instead hope to understand its function and interactions within larger signaling networks. here, we review several emerging proteomic technologies capable of detecting protein interaction networks in live cells and their integration to draft holistic maps of proteins that respond to diverse stimuli, including bioactive small molecules. moreover, we provide a conceptual framework to combine so-called 'top-down' and 'bottom-up' interaction profiling methods and ensuing proteomic profiles to directly identify binding targets of small molecule ligands, as well as for unbiased discovery of proteins and pathways that may be directly bound or influenced by those first responders. the integrated, interaction-based profiling methods discussed here have the potential to provide a unique and dynamic view into cellular signaling networks for both basic and translational biological studies.
in patients with significant poisoning, blood tests should be obtained on admission and then repeated every 6 to 12 hours for the first 48 hours. recommended tests are described in the text. the frequency of testing depends upon the clinical situation including the presence and severity of vomiting, diarrhea, and kidney injury, and the prognosis. often, tests are used to help determine the prognosis and serial tests are unnecessary if the prognosis is poor. (see 'general testing' above.)●
[principles of surgical therapy of bone tumors with special reference to localization in the pelvis and lower extremity].
subthalamic nucleus stimulation reverses mediofrontal influence over decision threshold . nature neuroscience
application of stereocontrolled stepwise [3+2] cycloadditions to the preparation of inhibitors of alpha4beta1-integrin-mediated hepatic melanoma metastasis.
identifying gene targets for brain-related traits using transcriptomic and methylomic data from blood
polymorphonuclear neutrophils (pmns) are important components of the human innate immune system and are rapidly recruited at the site of bacterial infection. despite the effective phagocytic activity of pmns, neisseria gonorrhoeae infections are characterized by high survival within pmns. we reveal a novel type iv pilus-mediated adherence of pathogenic neisseria to the uropod (the rear) of polarized pmns. the direct pilus-uropod interaction was visualized by scanning electron microscopy and total internal reflection fluorescence (tirf) microscopy. we showed that n. meningitidis adhesion to the pmn uropod depended on both pilus-associated proteins pilc1 and pilc2, while n. gonorrhoeae adhesion did not. bacterial adhesion elicited accumulation of the complement regulator cd46, but not i-domain-containing integrins, beneath the adherent bacterial microcolony. electrographs and live-cell imaging of pmns suggested that bacterial adherence to the uropod is followed by internalization into pmns via the uropod. we also present data showing that pathogenic neisseria can hitchhike on pmns to hide from their phagocytic activity as well as to facilitate the spread of the pathogen through the epithelial cell layer.
in individuals with darker skin.  sex  lichen simplex chronicus is observed more commonly in females than in males. lichen nuchae is a form of lichen simplex that occurs on the midposterior neck and i
in the icu, the intubation time for the nv group was 9.67 ± 3.29 h and 9.27 ± 2.86 h in the v group (p = 0.61) (table 3). prolonged intubation was not required in any patient.
the first three criteria of cr are achieved in the absence of bone marrow histologic remissionmolecular complete remission (ie, clearance of jak2 v617f clone) is not incorporated into this definition of remission.specific clinical scenarios
over the past 2 decades, much work has been carried out on the use of mental practice through motor imagery for optimizing the retraining of motor function in people with physical disabilities. although much of the clinical work with mental practice has focused on the retraining of upper-extremity tasks, this article reviews the evidence supporting the potential of motor imagery for retraining gait and tasks involving coordinated lower-limb and body movements. first, motor imagery and mental practice are defined, and evidence from physiological and behavioral studies in healthy individuals supporting the capacity to imagine walking activities through motor imagery is examined. then the effects of stroke, spinal cord injury, lower-limb amputation, and immobilization on motor imagery ability are discussed. evidence of brain reorganization in healthy individuals following motor imagery training of dancing and of a foot movement sequence is reviewed, and the effects of mental practice on gait and other tasks involving coordinated lower-limb and body movements in people with stroke and in people with parkinson disease are examined. lastly, questions pertaining to clinical assessment of motor imagery ability and training strategies are discussed.
deactivation of light-activated squid rhodopsin was studied in vitro using gtp gamma s binding by g-protein as a direct measure of rhodopsin activity. deactivation was inhibited by dilution of the retinal suspension or by removal of soluble components. deactivation could be restored by addition of soluble material to washed membranes. these results indicate that the deactivation is not due entirely to a conformational transition within rhodopsin itself, but depends on the interaction with other molecules. the possibility that phosphorylation is involved in the deactivation was studied. deactivation occurred in the presence and absence of added atp. deactivation also occurred in the presence of kinase inhibitors and after addition of apyrase, which reduced residual atp levels to below 1 microm. these results indicate that light-induced phosphorylation is not required for deactivation of squid rhodopsin. in this regard deactivation of squid rhodopsin is different from that of vertebrate rhodopsin, which requires phosphorylation.
figure 2 possible mechanism of action of some of phytoconstituents in the context of counteracting alcohol abuse. puerarin, daidzein, and daidzin decrease alcohol consumption by alterations in mao-acetaldehyde pathways or mitochondrial aldh2 pathways (keung, 2003; lukas et al., 2013); withaferin a and withanolide d block gaba receptors binding and upsurges chloride influx in absence of gaba (gupta and rana, 2008; lu et al., 2009; ruiu et al., 2013); kava lactones bind to multiple locations in the brain and interact with different neurotransmitters and significantly inhibit the uptake of noradrenaline, but not serotonin (sällström baum et al., 1998); militirone is low-affinity ligand for central gabaa-bdz–binding site, thus acting as a partial agonist and implying an anxiolytic effect (lee et al., 1991).
our study showed that the mood of fear produced by the frightening films had a lengthening effect on time perception, with the result that the stimulus durations were judged longer after than before viewing these emotional films. indeed, our results indicated that the psychometric functions were shifted toward the left in the post-compared to the pre-film bisection tasks, with a significant lowering of the bp being observed. in addition, our results demonstrated that the fear-related effect on the perception of time was not due to simply watching a film, independently of the elicited emotion. indeed, the neutral films did not affect time perception. in sum, a clear distortion of time was produced by the mood of fear induced by the films. furthermore, this time distortion was not associated with an impairment of temporal discrimination. indeed, our findings showed that variability in time discrimination did not change between the experimental conditions as indicated by the fact that the wr values were similar in the different conditions. they also showed that weber’s law holds whatever the emotional condition, with a constant wr being observed for the different stimulus duration ranges. overall, these results are entirely consistent with those found in temporal studies using other negative highly arousing emotional stimuli (aversive sounds, faces, pictures; for a recent review, see droit-volet, in press). as in these earlier studies, we may thus assume that the lengthened time experience observed in response to the frightening films in our study was due to the automatic activation of the nervous system by the emotion of fear. since the internal clock system depends on the dynamic functioning of the brain, when its rate increases in response to the emotion of fear, it produces more time units for the representation of time, and time is judged longer. in line with this idea, our results suggested a significant correlation between the subjective individual feeling of being more nervous after viewing the frightening films, on the one hand, and the magnitude of the lengthening effect, on the other. the more nervous the participants reported feeling after the frightening films, the lower the associated bp values were. according to the mathematics of the internal clock models, a clock rate-based mechanism requires a multiplicative effect in which the magnitude of the temporal overestimation is proportional to the duration values, i.e., it is greater for the long than for the shorter stimulus durations. this is confirmed by our data that showed a larger leftward shift of the psychometric function in response to fear in the 400/1600 than in the 200/800-ms duration conditions, and a greater difference between the bp values in the pre- and post-film bisection tasks in the long than in the shorter duration conditions. furthermore, in the fear condition, when the psychometric functions for the two duration ranges were plotted against a relative scale (probe durations/bp), they superimposed well. overall, these different results support the idea that viewing frightening films speeds up the internal clock system and consequently lengthens the experience of time.
gibbons rj  picketts dj  villard l  higgs dr   mutations in a putative global transcriptional regulator cause x-linked mental retardation with alpha-thalassemia (atr-x syndrome) cell 1995 80 837 845 10.1016/0092-8674(95)90287-2 7697714
capnocytophaga canimorsus is a gram-negative rod that causes opportunistic infections resulting in bacteremia, septicemia, meningitis, and death in immunocompromised, splenectomized, and alcoholic individuals. infections caused by a related species, capnocytophaga cynodegmi, remain localized at the site of the wound where the organism is introduced. both organisms are part of the normal canine oral flora and are introduced through puncture wounds via dog bites. we found that both c. canimorsus and c. cynodegmi attach, are phagocytized, and multiply intracellularly in j774 mouse macrophage cells. after 48 h of infection by c. canimorsus, large sections of the macrophage cell layer were observed to detach and lyse, while the monolayer infected with c. cynodegmi demonstrated no cytotoxic effects. tissue culture supernatants from the c. canimorsus-infected j774 cells filtered through a 0.22-micron-pore membrane produced a similar effect on fresh monolayers, while filtrates from c. cynodegmi and uninfected controls produced no effect. no endotoxin release was observed in these supernatants. we conclude that the cytotoxic phenotype of c. canimorsus is the likely result of a toxin produced by this organism.
acute occlusion of the celiac axis and its branches with perforation of gastric fundus and splenic infarction, findings on spiral computed tomography: a case report.
22 alfawaz h  tamim h  alharbi s  aljaser s  tamimi w   vitamin d status among patients visiting a tertiary care center in riyadh, saudi arabia: a retrospective review of 3475 cases bmc public health 2014 14 159 24524260
in most cells the microtubules are destroyed and disappear after administration of colchicine in concentrations as low as 10(-6) m; colchicine inhibits the polymerization of tubulin and destroys the microtubules. ciliary microtubules have resistance to colchicine but can, on the other hand, be destroyed by high concentrations of colchicine. in this study, we treated rabbits with considerably high concentrations (10 or 20 mg/100 g body weight) of colchicine for four successive weeks and examined the effects on the tracheal cilia. abdominal administration of colchicine did not affect the morphology and structure of the cilia projecting on the cellular surface. however, ciliated vacuoles were observed in tracheal epithelial cells of rabbits treated with colchicine. the occurrence of such ciliated vacuoles depended on the dosage of colchicine: 2.4 +/- 0.4 per 100 microns epithelial length when treated with 10 mg/100 g body weight of colchicine, and 3.8 +/- 0.3 per 100 microns epithelial length when treated with 20 mg/100 g body weight. some cilia present in ciliated vacuoles were pathological. in conclusion, a considerably high dosage of colchicine can inhibit ciliary microtubules during ciliogenesis, resulting in ciliated vacuoles.
postprocedural timi flow grade 3 (normal flow) was attained in more than 95 percent of diabetics and nondiabetics.●
a new strategy for building artificial gas sensing systems is suggested based on knowledge of the dynamic response mechanism of the olfactory system. difficulties with the processing of time-dependent inputs by neural networks are discussed.
the ca2+-dependent regulation of the activation of myosin mgatpase by vascular-smooth-muscle thin filaments involves caldesmon. this effect may be due to the direct interaction of caldesmon with a ca2+-binding protein such as calmodulin or phosphorylation of caldesmon by a ca2+-dependent kinase. i have found that ca2+ switches on aorta thin filaments in less than 10 s, whereas the caldesmon in the thin filaments is phosphorylated only slowly (half-time greater than 10 min) and the maximum phosphorylation is very low (1 molecule per 7 molecules of caldesmon). i conclude that the phosphorylation of caldesmon hypothesis is untenable.
abstract in the late 1990s, commercial garlic fields in california (ca) were devastated by an outbreak of rust caused by puccinia allii. we compared collections of the pathogen from garlic (allium sativum) and chives (a. schoenoprasum) in central ca and oregon (or) to collections from garlic and leek (a. porrum and a. ampeloprasum) in the middle east. teliospores from the ca and or collections were smaller in length, width, and projected cross-sectional area compared with collections from the middle east. ca and or collections had a shortened life cycle, in which pycnia and aecia were not formed. germinating teliospores produced a two-celled promycelium, resulting in two basidiospores, each initially with two nuclei, indicating that this rust was homothallic. in addition, the morphology of the substomatal vesicles was different between the ca-or (fusiform) and the middle eastern (bulbous) collections. dna sequence analysis of the nuclear ribosomal internal transcribed spacer region showed that the ca and or rust collections formed a well-supported cluster distinct from the middle eastern and european samples. these results suggest that the rust on garlic and chives in ca and or is a different species than the rust fungus on garlic and leek in the middle east.
staijen i. e. marcionelli r. witholt b.   (1999 ). the palkbfghjkl promoter is under carbon catabolite repression control in pseudomonas oleovorans but not in escherichia coli alk+ recombinants . j. bacteriol.
the use of and out-of-pocket spending on complementary and alternative medicine in qassim province, saudi arabia.
complaints of chronic abdominal pain occur in 10 to 19 percent of children [4,11-13]. the prevalence is increased in children age four to six years and early adolescents [11,13]. in a community-based population study, as many as 17 percent of middle and high school students reported weekly episodes of abdominal pain [14]. among the pupils who reported abdominal pain, approximately 21 percent had discomfort that was sufficiently severe to affect activity. in a 2015 meta-analysis of 58 studies including 196,472 children from around the world, the pooled prevalence of functional abdominal pain disorders was 13.5 percent (95% 11.8-15.3) [15].pathogenesis
the acetyl content of xanthan was measured according to the method of hestrin [20] with acetylcholine as a reference. to determine the pyruvate content of xanthan, 0.01 g xanthan was hydrolyzed in 5 ml hcl (1 m) at 100°c for 3 h, and the free pyruvate was determined as described by sloneker and orentas [21] with sodium pyruvate as the reference. protein concentration was measured using the bio-rad protein assay kit (bio-rad, usa). cell growth was determined by optical density (o.d.) at 600 nm.
cdb-903, nsc-69948, u-15614; also known as 7α-methyl-19-nortestosterone 17β-acetate (ment acetate) and 7α-methylestr-4-en-17β-ol-3-one 17β-acetate) is a synthetic and injected anabolic–androgenic steroid (aas) and a derivative of nandrolone (19-nortestosterone) which was never marketed.
today, the average rate of energy capture by photosynthesis globally is approximately 130 terawatts, which is about eight times the current power consumption of human civilization.
where w(ti,tj) is the similarity weight between two sub trees ti and tj. ta,tb are the lexicalized trees. in dstk the weights are defined as
the description is as before (whipps et al., 2007) with the following addition. the g+c content of the type-strain genome is 64.3%, its approximate size 4.77 mbp, its genbank deposit samn05186798.
volume and density of microglomeruli in the honey bee mushroom bodies do not predict performance on a foraging task.
10. verlato g  bortolami o  accordini s  olivieri m  cappa v  bugiani m    asthma in childhood reduces smoking initiation in subsequent teens among males j adolesc health 2011 48 3 253 8 10.1016/j.jadohealth.2010.07.010 21338896
high-energy x-ray diffraction measurements have been carried out on 1-ethyl-3-methylimidazolium bromide and complemented with molecular-dynamics simulations. because the structure of the corresponding crystal is known, both the liquid and the crystal phases are simulated numerically. the liquid structure factor is dominated by an intense peak at 1.7 a(-1), associated mainly with the packing of the anions around the large cations. analysis of the real-space correlations of the liquid shows that the br(-) ions are distributed more symmetrically around the cation ring and move closer to the ring atoms compared with the crystal. although the distribution of the anions around the cation in the first coordination shell of the liquid exhibits clear analogies with the crystal, the cation-cation partial distribution function of the liquid shows a significant component with lower distances between ring centers, with some pairs coming as close as 3.5 a in either parallel or antiparallel configurations. finally, the presence of topological short-range order and charge ordering in the liquid is clearly demonstrated.
the facultative photosynthetic bacterium rhodobacter capsulatus can adapt from an anaerobic photosynthetic mode of growth to aerobic heterotrophic metabolism. as this adaptation occurs, the cells must rapidly halt bacteriochlorophyll synthesis to prevent phototoxic tetrapyrroles from accumulating, while still allowing heme synthesis to continue. a likely control point is mg chelatase, the enzyme that diverts protoporphyrin ix from heme biosynthesis toward the bacteriochlorophyll biosynthetic pathway by inserting mg(2+) to form mg-protoporphyrin ix. mg chelatase is composed of three subunits that are encoded by the bchi, bchd, and bchh genes in r. capsulatus. we report that bchh is the rate-limiting component of mg chelatase activity in cell extracts. bchh binds protoporphyrin ix, and bchh that has been expressed and purified from escherichia coli is red in color due to the bound protoporphyrin ix. recombinant bchh is rapidly inactivated by light in the presence of o(2), and the inactivation results in the formation of a covalent adduct between the protein and the bound protoporphyrin ix. when photosynthetically growing r. capsulatus cells are transferred to aerobic conditions, mg chelatase is rapidly inactivated, and bchh is the component that is most rapidly inactivated in vivo when cells are exposed to aerobic conditions. the light- and o(2)-stimulated inactivation of bchh could account for the rapid inactivation of mg chelatase in vivo and provide a mechanism for inhibiting the synthesis of bacteriochlorophyll during adaptation of photosynthetically grown cells to aerobic conditions while still allowing heme synthesis to occur for aerobic respiration.
structure-function studies of two novel udp-glcnac c6 dehydratases/c4 reductases. variation from the syk dogma.
cis-regulation of the genes located within the qtl support interval (or even just the most promising candidate genes) and to see if any of those genes were expression qtls in bxd mice.
the regulation of sertoli cell transferrin and sulfated glycoprotein-2 (sgp-2) mrna levels by vitamin a was studied in vitamin a deficient rats. vitamin a deficiency differentially affected the levels of these mrnas. sertoli cells from vitamin a deficient rats contained 3-fold less transferrin mrna and 1.8-fold more sgp-2 mrna than sertoli cells from normal rats. vitamin a deficiency did not result in changes in the amount of transferrin mrna per liver cell. when vitamin a deficient rats were fed a retinol supplemented diet, sertoli cell transferrin and sgp-2 mrna levels returned to normal. in contrast, dietary retinoic acid did not support recovery of the levels of the two mrnas. the regulation of transferrin and sgp-2 mrna levels was further examined in vitamin a deficient rats that had received subcapsular testicular injections of vitamin a and in vitamin a supplemented cultures of sertoli cells from vitamin a deficient rats. under these conditions, retinol and retinoic acid both stimulated transferrin mrna levels but did not affect sgp-2 mrna levels. retinol did not inhibit the turnover of transferrin mrna in sertoli cell cultures suggesting that the stimulation of transferrin mrna levels by retinol is due to increased transcription of the transferrin gene. a mathematical correlation between the sertoli cell transferrin mrna levels and the weight of the testes or the number of germinal cells was observed.
effects of taurine supplementation on lipid peroxide formation and the activities of glutathione (gsh) dependent enzymes in diabetic model mice were investigated. type i diabetes mellitus was induced by injecting alloxan to icr mice while type ii diabetes mellitus was produced by high calorie diet feeding to genetically hyperglycemic kk mice. taurine was given in drinking water at the level of 5% (w/v) for seven days. the malondialdehyde (mda) levels of liver and the islets of type i diabetes were significantly increased compared to the control group but the levels were significantly decreased by taurine supplementation. in the type ii diabetic model, the concentrations of mda were not changed by taurine treatment. the activity of hepatic and islet gsh-peroxidase (gpx) was increased in the type i diabetic group, but in type ii animals it was decreased. hepatic gpx activity of both type i and ii diabetics was not altered by taurine supplementation but was increased in the islets of the type ii animals. no effect on the activity of gsh s-transferase (gst) was observed in both types of diabetes (i and ii) following taurine supplementation. these results suggest that taurine supplementation protects type i diabetic mice from lipid peroxide formation.
the matrix protein of measles virus, which is found associated with the virion envelope, has a key role in virus assembly because it mediates contact between the nucleocapsid proteins, the main internal structural proteins, and the viral glycoprotein complexes at the surface of infected cells. andrea maisner (institut für virologie, marburg, germany) and co-workers generated a recombinant virus lacking most of the cytosolic portion of the two glycoproteins, hemagglutinin and fusion proteins. this allowed them to build a model of the assembly of measles virus, in which the matrix protein, which binds to the cytoplasmic tails of both glycoproteins, orchestrates their positions at the budding site, thereby preventing endocytosis of the glycoproteins and minimizing cell-to-cell-fusion. in doing so, the matrix protein determines the protein composition and cytopathic properties of the virus. anthony schmitt (northwestern university, evanston, illinois, usa) got similar results in a paramyxovirus, simian virus 5 (sv5). unlike the situation in some negative-stranded rna viruses, such as vesicular stomatitis virus and ebola virus, it was found that sv5 matrix protein alone cannot induce vesicle budding and is not secreted from cells; rather, it needs one of the two glycoproteins (hemagglutinin or fusion protein) in the presence of the nucleocapsid protein. the cytoplasmic tails of the two glycoproteins also seem to be very important for sv5 assembly.
in this paper, silver nanoparticles (ag nps) are synthesized using achillea millefolium l. extract as reducing and stabilizing agents and peach kernel shell as an environmentally benign support. ft-ir spectroscopy, uv-vis spectroscopy, x-ray diffraction (xrd), field emission scanning electron microscopy (fesem), energy dispersive x-ray spectroscopy (eds), thermo gravimetric-differential thermal analysis (tg-dta) and transmission electron microscopy (tem) were used to characterize peach kernel shell, ag nps, and ag nps/peach kernel shell. the catalytic activity of the ag nps/peach kernel shell was investigated for the reduction of 4-nitrophenol (4-np), methyl orange (mo), and methylene blue (mb) at room temperature. ag nps/peach kernel shell was found to be a highly active catalyst. in addition, ag nps/peach kernel shell can be recovered and reused several times with no significant loss of its catalytic activity.
20. nawroth c.  albuquerque n.  savalli c.  single m.s.  mcelligott a.g.   goats prefer positive human emotional facial expressions r. soc. open sci. 2018 5 180491 10.1098/rsos.180491 30225038
3 monsell s , yeung n , azuma r  (2000 ) reconfiguration of task-set: is it easier to switch to the weaker task? psychol res 63 : 250 –264 11004879
a rare case of an incompetent urethral sphincter associated with a unilateral single ectopic ureter is reported. urinary incontinence persisted even after removal of a dysplastic kidney draining into the vagina. no neurological defect was found. manual compression of the bladder elicited urine leakage from the urethra, and the urethral closure pressure was markedly low. cystometry and voiding cystourethrography were normal. continence was restored completely by a urethral sling operation.
orthognathic surgery utilizing a le fort i osteotomy is performed by oral and maxillofacial surgeons to correct midface and dental occlusal abnormalities. however, the potential sequelae on sinonasal function have had minimal discussion in the literature. the objective of this study was to assess the impact on nasal septum anatomy and physiology following le fort i osteotomy for maxillary repositioning surgery. thirty patients who previously underwent elective orthognathic surgery with le fort i osteotomy were enrolled retrospectively to assess the change in their nasal septal anatomy and nasal breathing. pre- and postoperative computed tomography (ct) scans were used to determine axial displacement of the septum, in both degrees and millimeters, at 4 different standardized anatomic sites following the surgery. these objective anatomic measurements were then compared to the patient's perception of nasal congestion and difficulty breathing via the validated chronic sinusitis survey-duration based (css-d). comparison of the cts before and after surgery demonstrated a new deviation of the nasal septum in all 30 patients, with maximal axial displacements up to 7.22 mm and a mean of 2.64 mm. postoperative angular displacement changes ranged from minimal to 24°. the cts showed persistence of a new septal perforation in 20% (6 of 30 patients) following surgery. the css-d results demonstrated a mean worsening of nasal breathing and congestion scores from 1.4 before surgery to 3.0 at least 8 weeks after surgery (p < 0.001). orthognathic surgery utilizing le fort i osteotomy may result in persistent nasal septal perforations, new displacement of the nasal septum, and increased perception of nasal dyspnea not previously reported. further understanding of anatomic changes and nasal airway obstruction that may be caused following such operations warrants further study in order to improve surgical technique and postoperative outcomes.
34 software for phylogenetic analysis using the ml method and with a bootstrap test of 1000 replicates.
the excess cement not removed following the cementation of fixed implant-supported restorations may cause loss of peri-implant attachment or adjacent bone. the aims of this study were to evaluate the amount of residual cement at different abutment-crown connection levels and to test the cleaning efficacy of poly-ether-ether-ketone (peek) ultrasonic tips after cementation. one implant was placed in an anterior central tooth position 5 mm below the gingival margin in an acrylic model, and 32 stone models were obtained with implant analogs. abutment heights of 1-2 mm and 2.5-4 mm were used on the vestibular and lingual sides, respectively. crowns were cemented and cleaned, and half of the samples were cleaned again using peek tips. the abutment-crown suprastructure was then disconnected, and cleaning efficacy was evaluated. varying amounts of excess cement were found on all specimens except for the peek group with abutment-crown connections 1 mm below the gingival margin. an increase of undetected cement remnants was observed when the restoration margins were located deeper subgingivally. various amounts of excess cement associated with margin location were detected on the abutment-restoration complex despite meticulous cleaning efforts. ultrasonic peek tips were effective at cleaning the cement remnants around implants to a certain depth.
treatment with isolated static stretching and progressive resistance exercises (stst group) or with progressive agility and trunk stabilization exercises (pats group) was compared in a randomized trial involving 24 athletes with hamstring muscle strains [8]. the pats group demonstrated lower reinjury rates two weeks after returning to sport (0 out of 13 athletes versus 6 out of 11) and at one year (1 out of 13 athletes versus 7 out of 10).●
music therapy in dementia care aldridge david (ed) music therapy in dementia care 256pp jessica kingsley 9781853027765 1853027766.
48. ye j    gcn2 sustains mtorc1 suppression upon amino acid deprivation by inducing sestrin2 genes dev. 2015 29 2331 6 10.1101/gad.269324.115 26543160
west nile virus (wnv) was detected for the first time in north america in summer of 1999, during an outbreak involving humans, equines, and birds in the new york city metropolitan area (1). persistence of the virus and its spread to other states on the eastern seaboard during 2000 and 2001 suggest that wnv is now endemic in the united states and that its geographic range probably will continue to expand until it extends over much of the continent (2). although many wnv infections in humans are asymptomatic or unrecognized, some patients have an acute dengue-like illness, and a small percentage have encephalitis or meningoencephalitis (1–5). the latter complication is most common among the elderly, with recent reported case-fatality rates from 4% to 11% (3–9). no specific treatment is available for wnv encephalitis, and no licensed vaccine is available for its prevention.
nanometer-scale layered structures based on thallium(iii) oxide were electrodeposited in a beaker at room temperature by pulsing the applied potential during deposition. the conducting metal oxide samples were superlattices, with layers as thin as 6.7 nanometers. the defect chemistry was a function of the applied overpotential: high overpotentials favored oxygen vacancies, whereas low overpotentials favored cation interstitials. the transition from one defect chemistry to another in this nonequilibrium process occurred in the same potential range (100 to 120 millivolts) in which the rate of the back electron transfer reaction became significant. the epitaxial structures have the high carrier density and low electronic dimensionality of high transition temperature superconductors.
to be able to compare the experimentally measured clumped isotope compositions of a carbonate, i.e., the ∆47 (cdes90) and ∆48 (cdes90) values of the co2 gas derived from the phosphoric acid digestion of that carbonate, with its theoretically predicted composition, i.e., the ∆63 and ∆64 values of the carbonate, we determined25 the clumped isotope fractionation factors associated with the 90 °c acid fractionation during our analysis. these are based on the long-term ∆47 (cdes90) and ∆48 (cdes90) values of eth 1 and eth 2 standards which were both potentially equilibrated at 600 °c68. the theoretically predicted calcite ∆63 and ∆64 values at 600 °c are 0.018‰ and 0.002‰28, respectively. these, combined with our experimentally measured ∆47 (cdes90) values of 0.212(±0.002)‰ and ∆48 (cdes90) of 0.140(±0.005)‰, yield acid fractionation factors of 0.194(±0.002)‰ for ∆63–∆47 and 0.138(±0.005)‰ for ∆64–∆48.
to this end, u373 human astrocytoma cells have been directly exposed to x4-using hiv-1iiib strain, for 1, 3 or 5 days and treated (where requested) with n-acetylcysteine (nac), a cysteine donor involved in the synthesis of glutathione (gsh, a cellular antioxidant) and apoptosis has been evaluated by facs analysis. quantitative-fish (q-fish) has been employed for studying the telomere length while intracellular reduced/oxidized glutathione (gsh/gssg) ratio has been determined by high-performance liquid chromatography (hplc). incubation of u373 with hiv-1iiib led to significant induction of cellular apoptosis that was reduced in the presence of 1 mm nac. moreover, nac improved the gsh/gssg, a sensitive indicator of oxidative stress, that significantly decreased after hiv-1iiib exposure in u373. analysis of telomere length in hiv-1 exposed u373 showed a statistically significant telomere shortening, that was completely reverted in nac-treated u373.
the worldwide increase in obesity has led to changes in what is considered "normal" or desirable weight, especially among populations at higher risk. we show that social norms are key to understanding the obesity epidemic, and that social influence mechanisms provide a necessary linkage between individual obesity-related behaviors and population-level characteristics. because influence mechanisms cannot be directly observed, we show how three complex systems tools may be used to gain insights into observed epidemiologic patterns: social network analysis, agent-based modeling, and systems dynamics modeling. however, simulation and mathematical modeling approaches raise questions regarding acceptance of findings, especially among policy makers. nevertheless, we point to modeling successes in obesity and other fields, including the nih-funded national collaborative on childhood obesity research (nccor) envison project.
figure 1 electrocardiogram of case 2 shows up-sloping st-segment depression in leads v2 and v3, and horizontal st-depression in leads v4 to v6, i and avl. electrocardiogram of case 4 shows up-sloping st-segment depression in leads v2 and v4.
pd- in general, working with drosophila spermatogenesis, i get fascinated by the way system is so beautifully organized. in contrast to mammals, insect sperms are huge – almost as long as the length of their testis. hence, the containment of growing spermatids becomes essential for spermatogenesis. having a cell enclosure stitched by septate junctions makes up an elegant solution to avoid the mess that otherwise would have happened with hundreds of 1.8 mm long spermatids floating in drosophila testis. the septate junctions are not known for extensive changes once they are formed and we were surprised to see the dynamic reorganization of the junctions as the spermatid matured.
the generation of an engineered interleukin-10 protein with improved stability and biological function.
nayfach s. pollard k. s.   (2015 ). average genome size estimation improves comparative metagenomics and sheds light on the functional ecology of the human microbiome . genome biol.
the preparation, simple in manufacture and consisting of the supernatant fluid (sf) of 48-hour cultures grown in flasks with hottinger's broth without shaking, was shown to be suitable for the detection of enterotoxigenic e. coli (etec) in diarrhea patients. sf of the cultures of 1206 e. coli strains isolated from 809 adults, together with control preparations, were studied by means of anal test in suckling mice, used to detect thermostable enterotoxin (tse), and the paw edema test, used to detect thermolabile enterotoxin (tle). these sf contained highly active tse and having specific action. the use of sf ensured the high frequency of etec detection in patients with different intestinal diseases (in 262 out of 430 patients), placed in the same hospital. the specificity of these results and the relation of the isolated etec to the diseases diagnosed in the patients were confirmed by the fact that the frequency of etec detection was significantly less in healthy persons (in 22 out of 242 subjects).
the current research was conducted in a chinese context where the emi medical program is 10 years old. it addressed the following research questions:do emi and non-emi medical students perform equivalently?
the objective was to determine if particle size affects durability of medialization in patients undergoing injection laryngoplasty (il) with hyaluronic acid (ha) for unilateral vocal cord paralysis (uvcp). we hypothesized that large particle-size ha (lpha) persists longer after injection to produce a more durable vocal result. the study design used was a prospective randomized controlled single-blind trial. patients underwent il with restylane (small particle-size ha, spha) or perlane (lpha) (q-med ab, uppsala, sweden). injections were performed transcutaneously in the outpatient clinic. the voice handicap index (vhi) at 6 months postinjection was the primary outcome measure. secondary outcomes included videostroboscopic findings, and objective acoustic and aerodynamic measures. seventeen patients (eight spha, nine lpha) were available for follow-up at 6 months. normalized vhi scores at 6 months after il were significantly lower in the lpha group compared to the spha group when not adjusted for age and sex (p=0.027). after adjustment, the difference was not significant (p=0.053) but the lpha group trended toward lower normalized vhi scores. the findings support the hypothesis that the larger particle-size of lpha makes this material more durable than spha for il. this material may be considered for temporary medialization in patients with uvcp in whom medium-term improvement of at least 6 months is desirable. the transcutaneous route can be used safely in the office setting in non-anticoagulated patients.
tuberculosis (tb) is the most important zoonotic bacterial disease in nonhuman primates (nhp). the current diagnostic method, the intradermal palpebral tuberculin test, has serious shortcomings. we characterized antibody responses in nhp against mycobacterium tuberculosis to identify immunodominant antigens and develop a rapid serodiagnostic test for tb. a total of 422 nhp were evaluated, including 243 rhesus (macaca mulatta), 46 cynomolgus (macaca fascicularis), and 133 african green (cercopithecus aethiops sabaeus) monkeys at five collaborative centers. of those, 50 monkeys of the three species were experimentally inoculated with m. tuberculosis. antibody responses were monitored every 2 to 4 weeks for up to 8 months postinfection by multiantigen print immunoassay with a panel of 12 recombinant antigens. all of the infected monkeys produced antibodies at various levels and with different antigen recognition patterns. esat-6 and mpb83 were the most frequently recognized proteins during infection. a combination of selected antigens which detected antibodies in all of the infected monkeys was designed to develop the primatb stat-pak assay by lateral-flow technology. serological evaluation demonstrated high diagnostic sensitivity (90%) and specificity (99%). the highest rate of tb detection was achieved when the skin test was combined with the primatb stat-pak kit. this novel immunoassay provides a simple, rapid, and accurate test for tb in nhp.
sensory irritation is an acute adverse effect caused by chemicals that stimulate chemoreceptors of the upper respiratory tract or the mucous membranes of the outer eye. the avoidance of this end point is of uttermost importance in regulatory toxicology. in this study, repeated exposures to ethyl acrylate were analyzed to investigate possible carryover effects from day to day for different markers of sensory irritation. thirty healthy subjects were exposed for 4 h on five subsequent days to ethyl acrylate at concentrations permitted by the german occupational exposure limit at the time of study. ratings of eye irritation as well as eye blinking frequencies indicate the elicitation of sensory irritation. these markers of sensory irritation showed a distinct time course on every single day. however, cumulative carryover effects could not be identified across the week for any marker. the rhinological and biochemical markers could not reveal hints for more pronounced sensory irritation. neither increased markers of neurogenic inflammation nor markers of immune response could be identified. furthermore, the performance on neurobehavioral tests was not affected by ethyl acrylate and despite the strong odor of ethyl acrylate the participants improved their performances from day to day. while the affected physiological marker, the increased eye blinking frequency stays roughly on the same level across the week, subjective markers like perception of eye irritation decrease slightly from day to day though the temporal pattern of, i.e., eye irritation perception stays the same on each day. a hypothetical model of eye irritation time course derived from pk/pd modeling of the rabbit eye could explain the within-day time course of eye irritation ratings repeatedly found in this study more precisely.
poly aspartic acid peptide-linked plga based nanoscale particles: potential for bone-targeting drug delivery applications.
how to cite this article: qiu, t. et al. immunologic treatment failure among hiv-infected adult patients in jiangsu province, china. sci. rep.
ymous with pigmented contact dermatitis, some authors insist that this is an erroneous assumption because the cases reported by riehl appear to be a distinct entity related to nutritional alterations
several cytokines have been found to play a role in the pathogenesis of b-cll. in the present study using reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr), facs analysis and immunofluorescence we have shown the constitutive expression of il-11 and il-11r alpha in b-chronic lymphocytic leukemia (b-cll). the expression level of il-11r alpha in b-cll cells is much higher than in pbl of normal donors. recombinant human il-11 (rhil-11) activates b-cll cells, leading to morphologic alterations of the cells and increase in cell number and size. short-term cultivation in the presence of rhil-11 did not lead to quantitative changes in the ratio of the living vs apoptotic and dead cells. however, in contrast to rhil-6, pretreatment with rhil-11, did not cause b-cll cells to be resistant to the action of dexamethasone. these data suggest an essential role for the il-11/il11 r alpha system in the pathogenesis of the malignant b-cll cells.
psychotic experiences in a mental health clinic sample: implications for suicidality, multimorbidity and functioning . psychol med . 2014 ;44 :1615 –1624 .24025687
the flanker task consisted of a series of five arrows, in which participants were instructed to respond to the direction of the center arrow: whether it was congruent (>>>>>) or incongruent (>><>>). the participant responded to the center arrow facing left by pressing the x key and responded to the center arrow facing right by pressing the m key on the keyboard [55]. the participant was provided one practice session where feedback for correct response and reaction time were displayed for each trial. the actual session did not provide feedback. accuracy and reaction time were recorded for this task.
surgical complications were recorded. wound dressing was carried out three times a day, without the use of disinfectants, but with the only use of the topical cream, for 10 days. sport, sexual activity, or any other strenuous activity were avoided by the patients for 4–6 weeks. follow-ups included a clinical objective evaluation at 10 and 30 days by two healing validated scales filled out by different urologists from the surgeons who performed the circumcision.
phytochemical properties and pharmacological effects of quercus ilex l. aqueous extract on gastrointestinal physiological parameters in vitro and in vivo.
the proteins of bacteriophage mu: composition of the virion and biosynthesis in vivo during lytic growth.
converting enzyme inhibitors, alone or in combination, are a safe and effective treatment for many hypertensives. however, the range of responses varies between individual patients and it has been claimed that there are two or three phases to the response. pretreatment plasma renin (as an indication of activation of the renin angiotensin system) and the patient's age have been claimed to predict blood pressure fall. we have investigated whether these factors are useful indications of clinical response in mild-moderate essential hypertension. we have also investigated how well the response to the first dose correlates with the response to long-term (6 weeks) treatment. in a placebo-controlled trial of enalapril (20 mg daily), the blood pressure fall was analysed using an integrated pharmacokinetic/dynamic model of the concentration-effect relationship. the relation between the active drug concentration and blood pressure fall was best described by a non-linear langmuir (emax) model: e = (emax c/c50 + c), where e is the effect, c the drug concentration, emax is the maximum blood pressure fall and c50 is the drug concentration which causes a fall in blood pressure of 50% of the maximum. for a group of 13 essential hypertensives emax was 46/20 mm hg and c50 77 +/- 17 ng/ml. emax was not related to age or pretreatment renin, but was positively correlated with pretreatment blood pressure (r = 0.69; p less than 0.01). emax after 6 weeks of treatment (48 +/- 22 and 50 +/- 20 mm hg, respectively, r = 0.89; p less than 0.01).(abstract truncated at 250 words)
this report describes research that has been undertaken to determine the relationship between word knowledge and word frequency (occurrence in print) in a deaf population. a matching test was designed and administered to 162 deaf students entering the national technical institute for the deaf in the summer of 1976. the results of the study indicate that there exists a relationship between word frequency and word knowledge in a deaf population. the reliability and validity of the technique was tested and seems to provide adequate support for this approach to assessing the vocabulary level of deaf students.
effects of imidazole, an inhibitor of thromboxane synthesis (10 mg/kg bw., iv.) on the distribution of cardiac output and intrarenal hemodynamics were investigated in normovolemic (free water and salt uptake before the experiment) narcotized rats. the cardiac output was measured on the basis of the stewart-hamilton principle, the blood flow of the organs by the sapirstein method. 86rb was used as indicator. one hour following the imidazole administration while mean arterial blood pressure remained constant a slight drop in the cardiac output (co) was observed (co-control: 24.1 +/- 4.77; co-imidazole: 20.6 +/- 2.40 ml/min/100 g; p < 0.05) and total peripheral resistance increased (tpr-control: 42.3 +/- 9.27; tpr-imidazole: 48.3 +/- 7.05 r; p < 0.05). the vascular resistance in the heart, lungs (bronchial fraction), liver, spleen, intestine and adrenal glands remained unchanged. the blood flow of the skin and skeletal muscle decreased moderately, their vascular resistance increased following imidazole treatment. inhibition of the thromboxane synthesis did not influence the renal and intrarenal (cortex and medulla) circulation, the percentile distribution of the intrarenal blood flow remained unchanged. the results suggest that txa2 does not play a definite role in maintaining the a) vascular tone (blood flow) of different organs b) intrarenal hemodynamics (salt and water excretion) in normovolemic rats.
benchmarking machine learning algorithms on blood glucose prediction for type i diabetes in comparison with classical time-series models.
abductor spasmodic dysphonia (absd) is the second most common type, affecting around 13% of individuals with sd.
body mass index has no effect on rate of progression of chronic kidney disease in subjects with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
this study was associated with a single‐arm, uncontrolled trial of cbt on mental defeat and cognitive flexibility in patients with depression who remain symptomatic following pharmacotherapy, registered in the national umin clinical trials registry (id: umin000023320) (murata et al., unpublished data). for the present study, we enrolled one more participant in addition to the 18 participants of murata's study.
haplotype networks of the studied species showed different degrees of complexity, but in all cases intraspecific divergences were small enough so that the biogeographical history could be explained by quaternary environmental changes and by the dispersal capabilities of the butterflies, instead of vicariance caused by older geological events. regardless of the hypothetical location of the ancestor, the most parsimonious series of dispersal events that could have produced the observed patterns are highlighted in fig. 3, s3 and s4 figs. aricia cramera showed a simple pattern with a widespread haplotype and some satellite ones connected by a single substitution (fig. 3). among dispersal events that could have produced the observed distributions (fig. 3 and s3a fig.), we retained that the pattern showed by haplotype hcr5, indicating dispersal from spain to sardinia, can be more parsimoniously explained by convergence or by the extinction or undetected presence of this haplotype in the balearics. in order to obtain a conservative measurement of the frequencies of dispersal lengths, we excluded this ambiguous event. a minimum of five steps was required to attain the occurrence pattern of a. cramera over the canary islands (s3b fig.). the dispersal length frequency, measured between the-50m isobaths, showed that the unrecorded sardinia-corsica dispersal event, potentially allowing a. cramera to mix with a. agestis populations in corsica, would have been among the shortest dispersal events detected for this species. conversely, the length of a hypothetical dispersal between tunisia and sicily is showed to be much less frequent (fig. 3).
the thiel cadaveric model for pelvic floor surgery: best rated in transferable simulation-based training for postgraduate studies.
(2001 ). remarks on the inner ear of elasmobranchs and its interpretation from skeletal labyrinth morphology . journal of morphology , 250 (3 ), 236 –264 .11746463
although reflex seizures are thought to have a genetic component, the exact genes involved are unclear.
vitamin k antagonists (vkas) have advantages and disadvantages compared with other anticoagulants, and the choice of agent depends on the clinical setting and patient factors.disadvantages include the following:●
sims r. e. hartell n. a.   (2005 ). differences in transmission properties and susceptibility to long-term depression reveal functional specialization of ascending axon and parallel fiber synapses to purkinje cells . j. neurosci.
an efficient method of preparing biodegradable and biocompatible multiblock copolymers from lactic acid and polyethylene glycol is proposed.
chi-square test was used for analysing significant differences from pre-and post intervention and z-test to compare the experimental groups to the control group (hol). p < 0.05 was considered statistically significant.
racial disparities in mortality after severe traumatic brain injury in childhood: mediators identified by oaxaca-blinder decomposition of trauma registry data.
24 sen a , pruijssers aj , dermody ts , garcia-sastre a , greenberg hb . the early interferon response to rotavirus is regulated by pkr and depends on mavs/ips-1, rig-i, mda-5, and irf3 . j virol . 2011 ;85 : 3717 –3732 . doi: 10.1128/jvi.02634-10
examined here is pillow, sandler, braver, wolchik, and gersten's (this issue) strategy for screening prevention trial participants. the reviewer concludes that their selection strategy should increase the statistical power of prevention outcome studies, increase intervention cost effectiveness, and help to prevent their possible iatrogenic effects. also, their model points up inadequacies in the longitudinal data on which most prevention strategies are based, and their model could well serve as a template for future research.
others have found focal infection theory's scientific evidence still slim, but have conceded that evolving science might establish it.
the effects of temperature and inhibitors on hco3-stimulated swelling and ion uptake of monkey cerebral cortex.
correspondence: songming li tel +86 13560013154 email lsmgzpch@163.com* these authors contributed equally to this work
shellfish toxicitybackground  infectious agents cause most shellfish-associated illness. hepatitis a, norwalk virus, vibrio parahaemolyticus, and vibrio vulnificus all have been transmitted through sh
although acral ischemia can involve several underlying mechanisms, suspicion of lupus warrants testing for antiphospholipid antibodies in patients with blue toe syndrome.
methods and results. our lot consists of twelve patients with ages between 45 and 65 years, diagnosed with hepatic cirrhosis, without other associated comorbidities. all patients were admitted for strangulated umbilical hernia.
microbial biosynthesis of polyglutamic acid biopolymer and applications in the biopharmaceutical, biomedical and food industries.
recent experimental data has implicated growth hormone in the development of glomerular sclerosis. in this study, we have examined the development and progression of glomerular and tubulointerstitial scarring in wistar and dwarf rats, selectively growth hormone-deficient, following subtotal nephrectomy. wistar rats showed progressive proteinuria, hypertension and renal failure as well as severe renal scarring 120 days after subtotal nephrectomy. in contrast, growth hormone-deficient dwarf rats had minimal proteinuria, mild renal functional impairment and moderate renal histological scarring. the difference in these functional and structural parameters between the two strains is highly significant, although both experimental groups had comparable food consumption and systemic blood pressure. the significantly smaller glomeruli and limited kidney hypertrophy over 120 days observed in dwarf rats may account for some of the protection against glomerular sclerosis and tubulointerstitial scarring observed in that strain.
watts pappas n. , mcleod s. , mcallister l. , & mckinnon d. h.   (2008 ). parental involvement in speech intervention: a national survey . clinical linguistics and phonetics , 22 , 335 –344 .18415733
the present paradigm dictates that phagocytosis is accomplished mainly by 'professional' phagocytes (such as macrophages and monocytes), whereas b cells lack phagocytic capabilities. here we demonstrate that b cells from teleost fish have potent in vitro and in vivo phagocytic activities. particle uptake by b cells induced activation of 'downstream' degradative pathways, leading to 'phagolysosome' formation and intracellular killing of ingested microbes. those results indicate a previously unknown function for b cells in the innate immunity of these primitive animals. a considerable proportion of xenopus laevis b cells were also phagocytic. our findings support the idea that b cells evolved from an ancestral phagocytic cell type and provide an evolutionary framework for understanding the close relationship between mammalian b lymphocytes and macrophages.
the application of silver nanoparticles (agnps) in consumer products has been increasing rapidly over the past decades. therefore, in vitro models capable of accurately predicting the toxicity of agnps are much needed. hepatocyte-like cells (hlcs) derived from human induced pluripotent stem cells (ipscs) represent an attractive alternative in vitro hepatotoxicity model. yet, the use of ipsc-derived hlcs (ipsc-hlcs) for the study of nanoparticle toxicity has not been reported so far. in the present study, transcriptomic changes induced by varying concentrations (5-25 μg/ml) of agnps were characterized in ipsc-hlcs after 24-h exposure. agnps caused concentration-dependent gene expression changes in ipsc-hlcs. at all the concentrations, members of the metallothionein (mt) and the heat shock protein (hsp) families were the dominating upregulated genes, suggesting that exposure to agnps induced oxidative stresses in ipsc-hlcs and as a result elicited cellular protective responses in the cells. functional analysis showed that the differentially expressed genes (degs) were majorly involved in the biological processes of metabolism, response to stress, and cell organization and biogenesis. ingenuity pathway analysis revealed that cancer was at the top of diseases and disorders associated with the degs at all concentrations. these results were in accordance with those reported previously on hepatoma cell lines and primary hepatocytes. considering the advantages ipsc-hlcs have over other liver cell models in terms of unlimited supply, consistency in quality, sustainability of function in long-term culture, and, more importantly, affordability of donor specificity, the results of the current study suggest that ipsc-hlcs may serve as a better in vitro model for liver nanotoxicology.
132. berthold t  centler f  hübschmann t  remer r  thullner m  harms h  wick ly   mycelia as a focal point for horizontal gene transfer among soil bacteria sci rep 2016 6 36390 27811990
the first approach to pyrazole-containing helicenes via sydnone-aryne [3 + 2]-cycloaddition is described. an unprecedented regioselectivity in the cycloaddition step toward the more sterically constrained product was observed in the presence of extended aromatic scaffolds. dft calculations enabled understanding the origin of this unexpected selectivity.
comparison of the miotic effects of dapiprazole and dilute pilocarpine in patients with the pigment dispersion syndrome.
exosome adherence and internalization by hepatic stellate cells triggers sphingosine 1-phosphate-dependent migration.
vitamin e deficiency in chicks. i. the effects of dietary supplements on plasma tocopherol levels and vitamin e deficiency symptoms.
ion of the water. this proliferation of toxic dinoflagellates, known as red tide, is favored by warmer weather. this phenomenon has led to the general teaching in north america that shellfish are safe
the catalytic portion of mitochondrial atp synthase consists of 5 different subunits (alpha, beta, gamma, delta, and epsilon) assembled with a stoichiometry of 3 alpha, 3 beta, and a single representative of the other 3.
though their mechanism of action remains unknown, pseudopterosins have been demonstrated as anti-inflammatory [6,7,8], analgesic [6,9,10], wound-healing [7,8], anti-microbial [47,48], and anti-cancer agents [16]. in our work we were able to illuminate a novel molecular mechanism of the broadly described anti-inflammatory activity of pseudopterosin by demonstrating a concentration-dependent inhibition of the nf-κb pathway based on inhibition of p65 and iκb phosphorylation.
in total, 2,184 unique proteins from six subcellular locations (cytoplasm, nucleus, endoplasmic reticulum, golgi apparatus, lysosome, and mitochondrion) were obtained. by randomly pairing those proteins with others found in different subcellular locations, along with the addition of negative pairs from [33], a total of 36,480 negative pairs were generated. we removed protein pairs with unusual amino acids, such as u and x to yield 36,545 positive samples and 36,323 negative samples to form the benchmark dataset. the interaction networks and the degree distributions of the positive and negative sample sets of the benchmark dataset are shown in additional file 1 figure s1 and s2.
armitage p berry g mathews j  statistical methods in medical research 2002 4 oxford: blackwell science ltd
(2002 ) peritoneal inflammatory cells in acute pancreatitis: relationship of infiltration dynamics and cytokine production with severity of illness
a positive association was found between feno and children’s exposure to an indicator of vehicular non-tailpipe emissions (8.9 % increase for an increase in the interquartile range (iqr) in barium, 95 % confidence interval (ci): 2.8, 15.4) as well as exposure to an indicator of industrial emissions (7.6 % increase per iqr increase in vanadium, 95 % ci: 0.1, 15.8). elevated feno was also suggested for other metals on the day after the exposure: 10.3 % increase per iqr increase in aluminium (95 % ci: 4.2, 16.6) and 7.5 % increase per iqr increase in iron (95 % ci: 1.5, 13.9) at a 1-day lag period.
investigation of the molecular characteristics of bisindole inhibitors as hiv-1 glycoprotein-41 fusion inhibitors.
cell differentiation typically occurs with concomitant shape transitions to enable specialized functions. to adopt a different shape, cells need to change the mechanical properties of their surface. however, whether cell surface mechanics control the process of differentiation has been relatively unexplored. here we show that membrane mechanics gate exit from naive pluripotency of mouse embryonic stem cells. by measuring membrane tension during early differentiation, we find that naive stem cells release their plasma membrane from the underlying actin cortex when transitioning to a primed state. by mechanically tethering the plasma membrane to the cortex by enhancing ezrin activity or expressing a synthetic signaling-inert linker, we demonstrate that preventing this detachment forces stem cells to retain their naive pluripotent identity. we thus identify a decrease in membrane-to-cortex attachment as a new cell-intrinsic mechanism that is essential for stem cells to exit pluripotency.
. pleasant physical exercise program for prevention of cognitive decline in community‐dwelling elderly with subjective memory complaints . geriatr gerontol int . 2012 ;12 :673 –9 .22469534
endogenously expressed mirna in metazoans is usually not perfectly complementary to a large number of genes and thus, they modulate expression via translational repression.
in this case-control study the detailed employment histories of 121 rubber plant employees who died of lung cancer from 1964 through 1973 were compared to those of 448 plant employees (controls) who died of other causes during the same calendar period. all subjects were white male hourly employees. lung cancer cases and controls were matched individually on year of birth and year of first hire at the plant. results of matched analyses indicated that there was no association between lung cancer mortality and employment in either rubber compounding and mixing jobs or curing jobs. men who had worked for at least five years in rubber reclaim operations, where there was potentially heavy exposure to particulates and fumes, experienced a twofold increase in lung cancer risk. in addition, there was a 70% excess of lung cancer risk among men employed in making special products, where the primary production activity was fuel cell manufacturing. the latter two findings were marginally statistically significant.
in recent years, epidemiological studies, genome-wide association studies, and mendelian randomization studies have shown a strong association between increased levels of lipoproteins and increased risks of coronary heart disease and cardiovascular disease (cvd). although lipoprotein(a) [lp(a)] was an independent risk factor for ascvd, the latest international clinical guidelines do not recommend direct reduction of plasma lp(a) concentrations. the main reason was that there is no effective clinical medicine that directly lowers plasma lp(a) concentrations. however, recent clinical trials have shown that proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin-type 9 inhibitors (pcsk9) and second-generation antisense oligonucleotides can effectively reduce plasma lp(a) levels. this review will present the structure, pathogenicity, prognostic evidences, and recent advances in therapeutic drugs for lp(a).
hen erythrocyte chromatin was digested with staphylococcal nuclease and fractionated by electrophoresis in polyacrylamide gels. instead of the three bands described for mouse carcinoma chromatin, four main discrete components (mn1, mn2, mn2e  and mn3) were resolved in the mononucleosome fraction of erythrocyte chromatin. mn2 contained all five histones and a dna fragment of 165--180 base pairs. mn2e comprised four nucleosomal histones plus histone h5 (but not h1) and a dna fragment of 170--190 base pairs. the relatively nuclease resistant mn3 fraction of erythrocyte nucleosomes contained h1 but no h5 histone. a more accurate analysis of the mn2 fraction in mouse carcinoma nucleosomes revealed some additional microheterogeneity depending on the presence of two different subfractions of h1.
psychotic major depression (pmd) is associated with deficits in verbal memory as well as other cognitive impairments. this study investigated brain function in individuals with pmd during a verbal declarative memory task. participants included 16 subjects with pmd, 15 subjects with non-psychotic major depression (npmd) and 16 healthy controls (hc). functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) data were acquired while subjects performed verbal memory encoding and retrieval tasks. during the explicit encoding task, subjects semantically categorized words as either "man-made" or "not man-made." for the retrieval task, subjects identified whether words had been presented during the encoding task. functional mri data were processed using spm5 and a group by condition anova. clusters of activation showing either a significant main effect of group or an interaction of group by condition were further examined using t-tests to identify group differences. during the encoding task, the pmd group showed lower hippocampus, insula, and prefrontal activation compared to hc. during the retrieval task, the pmd group showed lower recognition accuracy and higher prefrontal and parietal cortex activation compared to both hc and npmd groups. verbal retrieval deficits in pmd may be associated with deficient hippocampus function during encoding. increased brain activation during retrieval may reflect an attempt to compensate for encoding deficits.
stark s.e. caton a.j.  antibodies that are specific for a single amino acid interchange in a protein epitope use structurally distinct variable regions j. exp. med. 174 1991 613 624 1908510
11. bode-boger sm  scalera f  kielstein jt  martens-lobenhoffer j  breithardt g  fobker m    symmetrical dimethylarginine: a new combined parameter for renal function and extent of coronary artery disease j am soc nephrol 2006 17 1128 1134 10.1681/asn.2005101119 16481412
aspects of the work discussed were funded in part by the autism research institute, the national autism association, safe minds, and theta biomedical consulting and development co. inc. (brookline, ma).
meta: vyznachennia rivniv nadkhodzhennia radionuklidiv v organizm riatuval'nykiv derzhavnoï sluzhby z nadzvychaĭnykh sytuatsiĭ (dsns) pry gasinni pozhezhi u zoni vidchuzhennia chaes ta otsinka dozy vnutrishn'ogo oprominennia, obumovlenoï tsym nadkhodzhenniam.materialy i metody. z 06.04.2020 r. po 19.05.2020 r. u derzhavniĭ ustanovi «natsional'nyĭ naukovyĭ tsentrradiatsiĭnoï medytsyny natsional'noï akademiï medychnykh nauk ukraïny» (nntsrm) provedeno vymiriuvannia vmistuinkorporovanykh gamma-radionuklidiv na lichyl'nykakh vyprominiuvannia liudyny (lvl) operatyvnogo klasu«skrynner-3m» (minimal'no-detektovana aktyvnist' (mda) skladaie 300–500 bk za 5 khvylyn vymiriuvannia po 137cs)ta ekspertnomu vysokochutlyvomu lvl (mda skladaie 20 bk za 10 khvylyn vymiriuvannia po 137cs). obstezheno 470osib (523 vymiry) u tr'okh grupakh osobovogo skladu dsns ukraïny, iakyĭ brav uchast' u likvidatsiï lisovoï pozhezhi vzoni vidchuzhennia u period z 04 kvitnia po 05 travnia 2020 roku. v roboti vykorystano matematychni, spektrometrychni metody.rezul'taty ta vysnovky. u perevazhnoï bil'shosti (95 %) osobovogo skladu dsns ukraïny, obstezhenykh na lvloperatyvnogo klasu «skrynner-3m» (ponad 500 vymiriv), otsinka znachen' indyvidual'noï efektyvnoï dozyvnutrishn'ogo oprominennia, obumovlenoï nadkhodzhenniam 137cs v organizm pry gasinni pozhezhi, u prypushchenni, shcho tsenadkhodzhennia vidbulos' pid chas roboty u zoni vidchuzhennia, ne perevyshchyla minimal'nu dozu, shcho detektuiet'sia mdd(5–14 mkzv). serednie znachennia efektyvnoï dozy vnutrishn'ogo oprominennia u grupi osobovogo skladu gu dsnsukraïny v m. kyievi, iakyĭ brav uchast' u likvidatsiï lisovoï pozhezhi v zoni vidchuzhennia 04 kvitnia – 05 travnia 2020 r.(26 osib), doslidzhenykh na ekspertnomu lvl, stanovyt' (2,5 ± 1,1) mkzv, u grupi osobovogo skladu dsns ukraïny ucherkas'kiĭ oblasti, iakyĭ brav uchast' u likvidatsiï pozhezhi 19–24 kvitnia 2020 r. (9 osib) – (2,2 ± 0,6) mkzv, u grupiosobovogo skladu gu dsns ukraïny u kyïvs'kiĭ oblasti, iakyĭ brav uchast' u likvidatsiï lisovoï pozhezhi v zoni vidchuzhennia 04 kvitnia – 05 travnia 2020 r. (42 osoby) – (4,4 ± 2,4) mkzv. maksymal'ni znachennia 5,1 mkzv, 3,5 mkzv,11,8 mkzv u grupakh m. kyieva, cherkas'koï ta kyïvs'koï oblasteĭ vidpovidno, shcho znachno nyzhche, nizh osnovna dozova mezha dlia naselennia vid tekhnogennykh dzherel 1000 mkzv · rik-1 za zakonom ukraïny pro zakhyst liudyny vid vplyvu ionizuiuchogo vyprominiuvannia.
increase in cytosolic calcium and phosphoinositide metabolism induced by angiotensin ii and [arg]vasopressin in vascular smooth muscle cells.
to mechanistically verify that timp1 functions importantly in the ucacrc, the genemania was used. as shown in figure 4a, 20 proteins/genes might interact with timp1, and 3 genes including mmp9, stat3, and jun have been studied to be participated in the malignant transformation from to uc to crc.38–40 as shown in figure 4b, most of these genes showed no significantly alteration in uc and crc except for mmp9 in uc. identification of the transcription factors regulating timp1 can be valuable in elucidating the underlying mechanisms of timp1-mediated ucacrc.14 we therefore employed the funrich to predict the potential transcription factors, and hoxa9, plau, atf1, klf7, and sp1 were selected to be the top 5 candidates (figure 4c). among the factors, sp1 has been reported to be functional in promoting ucacrc.41 the coremine medical database was applied to annotate the enriched biological processes of timp1. as shown in figure 4d, there were ten biological processes were closely associated with the pathological processes, and timp1 could participate in such process by altering the cell proliferation, the cell cycle and also the cell migration. therefore, these results indicate that timp1 may function importantly in the ucacrc through various mechanisms.figure 4 functional role of timp1 in the uc-associated crc. (a) the interaction network analysis of timp1 obtained from the genemania. the interaction types were exhibited as indicated in the network legend. (b) relative mrna expression of the genes interacting with timp1 generated from the microarray datasets including gse9452 and gse8671, respectively. data are shown as mean ± sd. **p < 0.01. (c) relative expression of transcription factors regulating timp1 including hoxa9, plau, atf1, hnf4a, klf7, and sp1. (d) biological processes annotation of timp1 with uc and crc obtained from the coremine medical. unpaired student’s t-test was performed (b).
c-src inhibitor selectively inhibits triple-negative breast cancer overexpressed vimentin in vitro and in vivo.
observations of nine oxygen- and sulfur-containing organic molecules have been made toward the cold dark clouds tmc-1 and l134n.  we have confirmed the presence of para-ketene (h2c2o) in tmc-1, have for the first time observed ortho-ketene, and find a total ketene column density approximately 1 x 10(13) cm-2.  thioformaldehyde (h2cs) is easily detectable in both tmc-1 and l134n, with a column density about 5 times larger in the former source (approximately 3 x 10(13) cm-2).  the fractional abundance of ketene is comparable to the predictions of ion-molecule chemistry, while that of thioformaldehyde in tmc-1 is one to two orders of magnitude greater than that expected from such models at steady state.  interstellar sulfur chemistry thus continues to be poorly understood.  we set upper limits for the column densities of formic acid (hcooh), vinyl alcohol (ch2choh), methyl formate (hco2ch3), formamide (nh2cho), methyl mercaptan (ch3sh), isothiocyanic acid (hncs), and thioketene (h2c2s) in both sources.
[49]	pasternak, 2013	metoclopramide	0.7 [0.34, 1.54]c	0.8 [0.36, 1.66]b	matched and adjusted for hospitalization for hyperemesis gravidarum or nausea and vomiting, and use of other antiemetics in the first trimester
the functional roles of the medial septal area (msa) and nucleus basalis magnocellularis (nbm) in memory were investigated to determine (1) their relative contribution to working and reference memory, (2) their operation in spatial and nonspatial memory, (3) the temporal dynamics of the neural activity within these nuclei as they relate to mnemonic processes, (4) the neurochemical regulation of their activity, and (5) the importance of ach for their function. working memory was tested in a continuous conditional discrimination (ccd), and reference memory was tested in the ccd and a sensory discrimination (sd). bipolar recording electrodes in the dentate hilus monitored hippocampal eeg (theta rhythm). immediately prior to behavioral testing, trained rats were infused with tetracaine, scopolamine, or muscimol into the msa or nbm, and the subsequent behavioral and physiological changes were measured and correlated. msa infusions of all three drugs reduced the power of hippocampal theta and impaired choice accuracy in the ccd; the magnitude of both effects was greater for larger doses and steadily decreased over time after the infusion, producing a strong positive correlation between the power of theta and choice accuracy in the ccd. these infusions had no effect on measures of reference memory in the ccd or in the sd. the results demonstrate that rhythmic activity along the septohippocampal pathway reflects processing of nonspatial working, but not reference memory. nbm infusions did not affect hippocampal theta but did reduce choice accuracy in the sd and completely disrupted performance in the ccd. the nbm appears to have a critical role in both working and reference memory.
cantharidin induces apoptosis of h460 human lung cancer cells through mitochondria-dependent pathways.
40 butler r  bates gp   2006 histone deacetylase inhibitors as therapeutics for polyglutamine disorders. nat rev neurosci 7 784 796 16988654
the sequences of these genes found in the genomic data from different individuals of the same species are as follows:
relaxation during polymerization on slow heating and the vibrational heat capacity of the polymers.
one very limited experiment (only one vacuum sweeper used on a single type of carpeted surface) found that vacuuming killed 96% of adult fleas and 100% of younger fleas.
ten biochemical parameters total protein, albumin, glucose, cholesterol, urea, creatinine, total bilirubin, alt, ast, aph were determined during long-term light mode changes in serum of rats. changing the light mode, a number of parameters revealed unreliable 24-hour rhythms. an ultradian 12-hour reliable rhythm has been for serum total protein of rats exposed to constant darkness during 1 month. the light-modified model can be used to study the effects of the chemical factor in combination with the physical factor of the external environment, as well as in preclinical toxicity tests of medicinal substances in different light modes.
health care design. the growing health care field presents designers with new opportunities and new demands.
a salmonella genomic island, designated sgi11, was found in 18 of 26 multidrug-resistant salmonella enterica serovar typhi isolates from bangladesh. sgi11 was an is1 composite transposon and carried 7 resistance genes that conferred resistance to 5 first-line antimicrobials. eleven of the 18 sgi11-carrying s. typhi isolates had developed resistance to high levels of ciprofloxacin.
leaf area was measured on 3 week-old plants. photographs were taken with a canon eos 450 d (canon inc., tokyo, japan). leaf area was measured and analyzed using fiji imagej (http://fiji.sc/).
because poor performance status (ps) is an independent prognostic factor in non-small cell lung cancer (nsclc), ps scores are widely used by oncologists to make treatment decisions. advanced nsclc patients with an eastern cooperative oncology group ps of 2 have poor prognoses and are frequently excluded from clinical trials. this article reviews the efficacy and safety of pemetrexed in this patient group. we identified english-language literature (through march 2015) involving completed and ongoing studies through searches of pubmed, meeting abstracts, clinicaltrials.gov and the european clinical trials register; search terms included 'pemetrexed,' 'nsclc' and 'ps2'. only studies reporting ≥1 subset analysis of ps2 patients receiving pemetrexed were chosen. our search identified a total of ten pemetrexed studies in ps2 patients. eight studies included only chemonaive patients, one study included both chemonaive patients and patients with one prior chemotherapy regimen and one study included only patients with one prior regimen. in subset analyses in these studies, ps2 patients had worse outcomes than ps0-1 patients regardless of treatment. in a phase 3 study, chemonaive advanced nsclc patients with ps2 receiving pemetrexed‑carboplatin versus pemetrexed experienced improved overall survival [hazard ratio (hr)=0.62; p=0.001], progression-free survival (hr=0.46; p<0.001) and response (p=0.032). this review confirms the poorer outcomes in ps2 vs. ps0-1 patients. although it is not an approved combination therapy, in clinical studies, ps2 patients treated with pemetrexed plus carboplatin as first-line therapy had improved response rates and survival. additional research on ps2 patients is needed.
restoration of the tumor-suppression function by gene transfer of the melanoma differentiation-associated gene 7 (mda7)/interleukin 24 (il-24) successfully induces apoptosis in melanoma tumors in vivo. to address the molecular mechanisms involved, we previously revealed that mda7/il-24 treatment of melanoma cells down-regulates interferon regulatory factor (irf)-1 expression and concomitantly up-regulates irf-2 expression, which competes with the activity of irf-1 and reverses the induction of irf-1-regulated inducible nitric oxide synthase (inos). interferons (ifns) influence melanoma cell survival by modulating apoptosis. a class i ifn (ifn-alpha) has been approved for the treatment of advanced melanoma with some limited success. a class ii ifn (ifn-gamma), on the other hand, supports melanoma cell survival, possibly through constitutive activation of inos expression. we therefore conducted this study to explore the molecular pathways of mda7/il-24 regulation of apoptosis via the intracellular induction of ifns in melanoma. we hypothesized that the restoration of the mda7/il-24 axis leads to upregulation of class i ifns and induction of the apoptotic cascade. we found that mda7/il-24 induces the secretion of endogenous ifn-beta, another class i ifn, leading to the arrest of melanoma cell growth and apoptosis. we also identified a series of apoptotic markers that play a role in this pathway, including the regulation of tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis-inducing ligand (trail) and fas-fasl. in summary, we described a novel pathway of mda7/il-24 regulation of apoptosis in melanoma tumors via endogenous ifn-beta induction followed by irf regulation and trail/fasl system activation.
content analysis of three chapters of jamison's memoir, an unquiet mind, shows that depression, mania, and bipolar disorder have a common metaphoric core as a sequential process of suffering and adversity that is a form of malevolence and destruction. depression was down and in, while mania was up, in and distant, circular and zigzag, a powerful force of quickness and motion, fieriness,                         strangeness, seduction, expansive extravagance, and acuity. bipolar disorder is down and away and a sequential and cyclical process that partakes of the metaphors of its component moods. we conclude that metaphors of mood disorders share a number of structural features and are consistent across different authors.
field-grown citrus trees often harbor complex mixtures of 4-5 different viroid species, and the presence of citrus viroid iii (cvd-iii) has been shown to reduce the rate of tree growth without inducing disease. to more fully define the structure of its quasi-species, we have examined nine citrus viroid complexes for the presence of previously undescribed sequence variants of cvd-iii. analysis of 86 full-length cdnas generated from these nine viroid complexes by rt-pcr revealed the presence of 20 new cvd-iii variants. chain lengths ranged from 293-297 nucleotides, and sequence changes were confined largely to the lower portions of the central conserved region and variable domain. the previously described variants cvd-iiia (297 nt) and cvd-iiib (294 nt) were clearly predominant, but phylogenetic analysis indicated that certain isolates may contain representatives of two additional fitness peaks. at least one group of cvd-iii variants appears to have arisen as a result of rna recombination. populations recovered from diseased/declining trees were the most diverse, but even dwarfing isolates originating from old line shamouti trees showed considerable variability.
defects in succinate dehydrogenase in gastrointestinal stromal tumors lacking kit and pdgfra mutations.
the echo of pulmonary tuberculosis: mechanisms of clinical symptoms and other disease-induced systemic complications.
extensive documentation has validated the role of uv irradiation as a tumor initiator and promoter, inducing both squamous and basal cell carcinomas. human epidermis is a tissue which undergoes active metabolism of arachidonic acid to prostaglandins which is regulated by the action of prostaglandin h synthase (also known as cyclooxygenase). one mechanism for the promotional activity of uv light may involve its ability to induce prostaglandin formation. work in our laboratory has demonstrated that acute exposure of human keratinocytes to uvb irradiation results in increased production of prostaglandin e2 (pge2). when cultured human keratinocytes were examined after irradiation with 30 mj/cm2 uvb in vitro, western blot analysis showed a 6-fold increase in cox-2 protein which was evident at 6 h and peaked 24 h after irradiation. furthermore, when human subjects were irradiated on sun-protected skin with up to four times their minimal erythema dosage (med) and biopsied 24 h later, upregulation of cox-2 protein expression was observed via immunofluorescence microscopy. rnaase protection assays supported this observation, showing induction of cox-2 message which peaked at approximately 12 h following irradiation in vitro. furthermore, human squamous cell carcinoma biopsies exhibited strongly enhanced staining for cox-2 protein via immunohistochemistry and western analysis when compared to normal non-sun-exposed control skin. together, these data demonstrate acute upregulation of cox-2 via uvb irradiation and suggest the need for further studies of cox-2 expression as a potential pharmacological target mediating human skin tumor development.
figure 6 mrna expression patterns of three maternal proteins. gnf symatlas database analysis shows that tcl1, tclb1 and tclb2 are almost solely expressed in the mouse oocyte and fertilized egg.
rapid cardiac ventricular pacing to facilitate embolization of vein of galen malformations: technical note.
genetic variation in the sorbs of eastern germany in the context of broader european genetic diversity.
variably lytic infection dynamics of large bacteroidetes podovirus phi38:1 against two cellulophaga baltica host strains.
the supplementary material for this article can be found online at: https://www.frontiersin.org/articles/10.3389/fimmu.2019.02681/full#supplementary-material
in the summer when female midshipman fish are reproducing they listen to a male humming song that can be produce a frequency level of 400 hz.
postextrastimulus delay of ventricular tachycardia return cycle: indicator of a good ablation site.
15 kim s. j.  bae e. j.  cho d. j.    development of pulmonary arteriovenous fistulas after bidirectional cavopulmonary shunt the annals of thoracic surgery  2000 70 6 1918 1922 10.1016/s0003-4975(00)02164-0 2-s2.0-0034535134 11156095
effect of autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplant on the development of second primary malignancies in multiple myeloma patients.
compositional and conformational analysis of yam proteins by near infrared fourier transform raman spectroscopy.
wilkinson s. fernyhough c.   (2017 ). “auditory verbal hallucinations and inner speech: a predictive processing perspective ,” in before consciousness: in search of the fundamentals of mind , ed.
since "ehrlichia ewingii" is unable to synthesize all the organic compounds required for growth, also known as an auxotroph, the bacterium requires a host for growth and survival.
established. for example, exposure to dust mites in the first year of life is associated with later development of asthma and, possibly, atopy. mite and cockroach antigens are common, and exposure an
the third generation cephalosporin cefoperazone is commonly used for bovine mastitis therapy. so far, the cefoperazone susceptibility testing using 30 μg disks was hampered by the lack of quality control (qc) ranges and the respective interpretive criteria. the aim of this study was to develop clsi-approved qc ranges for staphylococcus aureus atcc(®) 25923 and escherichia coli atcc(®) 25922. an interlaboratory trial including eight laboratories was conducted. each laboratory tested both qc reference strains ten times using two lots of cefoperazone 30 μg disks and three lots of mueller-hinton agar. the results were analysed by using the published statistical analysis method. based on the data, zone diameters of 23-34 mm and 24-33 mm were established as qc ranges for the 30 μg disk and s. aureus atcc(®) 25923 and e. coli atcc(®) 25922, respectively. these new qc ranges have been recently approved by the clinical and laboratory standards institute and will help diagnostic laboratories to validate their cefoperazone testing results using 30 μg disks.
most cases of hydrocephalus in children are due to excess accumulation of cerebrospinal fluid (csf) due to structural blockage of csf flow within the ventricular system (referred to as obstructive or non-communicating hydrocephalus). communicating hydrocephalus is less common and occurs when csf accumulates because of impaired absorption or rarely because of excessive csf production. (see 'terminology' above and 'pathogenesis' above.)●
1. the genetic background of anti-neutrophil cytoplasmic antibody (anca)-associated systemic vasculitis remains largely unknown. recently a very high prevalence of medium and severe deficiency of alpha 1-antitrypsin was described in a small group of patients with wegener's granulomatosis and c-anca. c-ancas are autoantibodies against proteinase 3, and alpha 1-antitrypsin is the main inhibitor of this enzyme. 2. alpha 1-antitrypsin phenotypic polymorphism was determined by isoelectric focusing in 32 patients with c-anca-associated systemic vasculitis. twenty-nine patients had wegener's disease, two had microscopic polyarteritis and one suffered from idiopathic rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis. 3. two patients were homozygous pizz and three were heterozygous pimz. these phenotype frequencies differed significantly from expected values, assuming hardy-weinberg equilibrium (p < 0.01). compared with a control group of 868 healthy blood donors, these results meant a significant increase in the piz allele (0.0138 versus 0.1094, p < 0.001). 4. furthermore, the serum of 47 patients with severe alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency (pizz) was tested for the presence of anca. all sera were negative for c-anca and p-anca. none of the patients showed clinical signs of systemic vasculitis. 5. in conclusion, these data indicate that alpha 1-antitrypsin deficiency, despite being significantly more common in patients with c-anca-associated systemic vasculitis, is only a minor genetic risk factor for the development of this disease.
magnetization plateaus, visible as anomalies in magnetic susceptibility at low temperatures, are one of the hallmarks of frustrated magnetism. we show how an extremely robust half-magnetization plateau can arise from coupling between spin and lattice degrees of freedom in a pyrochlore antiferromagnet and develop a detailed symmetry of analysis of the simplest possible scenario for such a plateau state. the application of this theory to the spinel oxides cdcr2o4 and hgcr2o4, where a robust half-magnetization plateau has been observed, is discussed.
pneumonic plague in a dog and widespread potential human exposure in a veterinary hospital, united states.
: to comply with the regulations set out in article 8.5 of the amended 2012 version of the international code of zoological nomenclature (iczn) [36], details of the new species have been submitted to zoobank. the life science identifier (lsid) of the article is urn:lsid:zoobank.org:pub:3b9f16f6-8e3f-44f5-8d5d-b1d4a4754242. the lsid for the new name cichlidogyrus glacicremoratus is urn:lsid:zoobank.org:act:54ca15e9-086b-4113-9c94-a56d47a14f51.
compounds biologically similar to platelet activating factor are present in stored blood components.
outcomes of tibiocalcaneal arthrodesis in high-risk patients: an institutional cohort of 18 patients.
46. milner r    division of labor of schwann cell integrins during migration on peripheral nerve extracellular matrix ligands dev. biol. 1997 185 215 228 10.1006/dbio.1997.8547 9187084
pain and tenderness from a hamate fracture is usually localized over the hypothenar eminence; swelling may be minimal or absent. patients often complain of persistent pain at the base of the hypothenar eminence when gripping objects. hamate fractures are sometimes misdiagnosed as a wrist sprain. (see 'symptoms and examination findings' above.)●
ipragliflozin, jointly developed by astellas pharma and kotobuki pharmaceutical, was approved in japan on january 17, 2014, and in russia on may 22, 2019.
treatment of three- and four-part fractures of the proximal humerus with a modified cloverleaf plate.
effect of removing the nucleus pulposus on the deformation of the annulus fibrosus during compression of the intervertebral disc.
osinophils. antigen-presenting cells (ie, macrophages, dendritic cells) in the airway capture, process, and present antigen to helper t cells, which, in turn, become activated and secrete cytokines. h
forty-three children and adolescents (8-16 years old) with sickle cell disease (scd) and no overt neurologic dysfunction were evaluated with the wechsler intelligence scale for children-revised (wisc-r), the wide range achievement test (wrat), and an age-appropriate version of the luria-nebraska neuropsychological battery (lnnb). thirty similar-aged siblings were controls. wisc-r performance and full-scale iqs were lower (p less than 0.05) for patients than sibling controls. no significant differences were seen on the wrat. patients with scd missed more school days than controls (p less than 0.001) but did not differ from controls in academic performance or the proportion in special education. on the lnnb, scores for patients and controls 13 years and older did not differ. however, young patients had significantly elevated (abnormal) scores compared with controls on the following scales: expressive speech, writing, reading, arithmetic, memory, and pathognomonic. the possibility that subtle neuropsychological deficits in younger patients with scd reflect either subclinical strokes or a predisposition for strokes merits further investigation in a large multi-institution study.
the pineal has been previously shown to be an important factor in the regulation of testicular function in photoperiodic mammals. the effects of lack or increase in pineal hormones on testicular hormonal receptors has, therefore, been examined. pinealectomy decreased the concentration of testicular lh receptors in hamsters exposed to either a long or short photoperiod but had no effect on the concentration of testicular prl receptors. in animals exposed to a short photoperiod, pinealectomy prevented testicular regression and the concomitant decreases in total lh and prl receptor contents. treatment for 12 weeks with either melatonin or 5-methoxytryptamine caused a decrease in testicular prl receptor levels, whereas the only changes in lh receptor levels were due to melatonin-induced testicular regression. the present results indicate that some of the effects of pineal hormones on the testes are independent of the pineal-induced changes in testes mass and are the consequence of long-term action. furthermore, testicular function appears to be affected by both the lack or the increase in pineal hormones.
the cellular prion protein (prpc) is a glycolipid-anchored cell surface protein that usually exhibits three glycosylation states. its post-translationally modified isoform, prpsc, is involved in the pathogenesis of various transmissible spongiform encephalopathies (tses). in bovine species, bse infectivity appears to be restricted to the central nervous system; few or no detectable infectivity is found in lymphoid tissues in contrast to scrapie or variant cjd. since expression of prpc is a prerequisite for prion replication, we have investigated prpc expression by bovine immune cells. lymphocytes from blood and five different lymph organs were isolated from the same animal to assess intra- and interindividual variability of prpc expression, considering six individuals. as shown by flow cytometry, this expression is absent or weak on granulocytes but is measurable on monocytes, b and t cells from blood and lymph organs. the activation of the bovine cells produces an upregulation of prpc. the results of our in vitro study of prpc biosynthesis are consistent with previous studies in other species. interestingly, western blotting experiments showed only one form of the protein, the diglycosylated band. we propose that the glycosylation state could explain the lack of infectivity of the bovine immune cells.
a number of rules, often considered as dogmas by some, made it possible for oral implants to achieve a high success rate. however, some of these concepts have been questioned. indeed, the submerged fashion of implant placement, the arbitrary 3 to 6 months healing period, bicortical anchorage, placement of the longest possible implants, as well as implant placement in strict sterile conditions have been scientifically challenged. the aim of this article is thus to give a critical review of these concepts, in order to further simplify and rationalize oral implantology, putting this field in the reach of a bigger number of patients and practitioners. however, procedural simplification in oral implantology is not synonymous to poor patient preparation. on the contrary, an in-depth knowledge and experience in both the surgical and prosthetic aspects of oral implantology are of utmost importance in order to achieve a high success rate.
effectiveness of endoscopic versus external surgical approaches in the treatment of orbital complications of rhinosinusitis: a systematic review protocol.
analysis of cancer-derived extracellular vesicles (evs) in biofluids potentially provides a source of disease biomarkers. at present there is no procedure to systematically identify which antigens should be targeted to differentiate cancer-derived from normal host cell-derived evs. here, we propose a computational framework that integrates information about membrane proteins in tumors and normal tissues from databases: uniprot, the cancer genome atlas, the genotype-tissue expression project, and the human protein atlas. we developed two methods to assess capture of evs from specific cell types. (1) we used palmitoylated fluorescent protein (palmtdtomato) to label tumor-derived evs. beads displaying antibodies of interest were incubated with conditioned medium from palmtdtomato-expressing cells. bound evs were quantified using flow cytometry. (2) we also showed that membrane-bound gaussia luciferase allows the detection of cancer-derived evs in blood of tumor-bearing animals. our analytical and validation platform should be applicable to identify antigens on evs from any tumor type.
there are many checkpoints in the cell cycle, but the three major ones are: the g1 checkpoint, also known as the start or restriction checkpoint or major checkpoint; the g2/m checkpoint; and the metaphase-to-anaphase transition, also known as the spindle checkpoint.
evaluation of a macroscopic plate test and an indirect immunofluorescence test to detect leptospiral antibodies in bovine serum.
biophotonic techniques for manipulation and characterization of drug delivery nanosystems in cancer therapy.
obstacles and perspectives of community nurses during chemoradiotherapy in head and neck cancer patients.
cellular subpopulations having two of the growth properties of neoplastically transformed cells--lack of postconfluence inhibition of cell division (ci-) and anchorage independence of growth (ad-)--were found in cell cultures established from 10- to 13-day-old syrian hamster embryos. the subpopulations having these properties decrease with increasing gestation period of the embryo as well as with continuing passage in vitro. the decrease in these subpopulations was also observed when they were cultured on a lethally irradiated confluent monolayer of contact-inhibited cells (cell mat), a selection condition for ci- cells. therefore, negative selection cannot be the explanation for the loss of ci- cells in the population, leaving two other possibilities: either the loss of proliferative capacity of the ci- cells or the acquisition of sensitivity to postconfluence inhibition of cell division (ci+) of this subpopulation on in vitro culture or in vivo growth. the ci- subpopulations were isolated clonally from cell mats and were cultured continuously on both cell mats or plastic dishes. the results indicate that these cells did not lose proliferative capacity but acquired the contact-inhibited phenotype. this result, together with the fact that embryonic development in vivo also decreases ci/ad-subpopulations, suggests that the disappearance of these subpopulations is due to cellular differentiation of the ci-/ad- cells to become ci+/ad+ cells.
maintaining sustainable living collections is at the core of every zoo's and aquarium's mission. in spite of increasing awareness of sustainability challenges, few practical applications to support collection sustainability have been developed. in addition, much of the onus to address issues regarding collection sustainability has fallen to regional zoo associations, rather than on individual collection managers, creating a "tragedy of the commons." responsibility for sustainability, however, ultimately defaults to each individual institution; as active participants in an association and the population management system, other institutions are the most reliable source of animals. each collection manager must ensure that their collection contributes to association-wide sustainability. with this in mind, a sustainability index tool, s-index, has been developed using basic demographic concepts and novel metrics for institutional collection evaluation. furthermore, combining s-index data across facilities allows the evaluation of the sustainability of individual taxa or taxonomic groups within the association. an s-index analysis of 27 association of zoos and aquariums member avian collections over ten years demonstrates the use of this analytical tool.
the effects of melanostatin (mst 10(-5) m) on transmission in the lateral olfactory tract--superficial pyramidal neurons synapses, were investigated in slices of the rat olfactory cortex. within 3-6 min after mst addition, the epsp amplitudes were depressed and then increased (within 6-9 to 30 min); spikes and ipsps appeared during the latter period. the recovery of the fps to control values at washing was slow (40-60 min). possible mechanisms of the mst long-term excitatory effect on neural elements of the slices, are discussed.
the development of metastases (bone, lymph node, or visceral metastases, or a serum psa >100 ng/ml), a secondary endpoint in the trial, was significantly more frequent in patients managed with active monitoring (33 men with metastatic disease versus 13 and 16 of those assigned to radical prostatectomy and rt, respectively, 6.3 versus 2.4 and 3.0 per 1000 person-years).●
enzymatic semisynthesis of porcine despentapeptide (b26-30) insulin using unprotected desoctapeptide (b23-30) insulin as a substrate. model studies.
table 3 baseline characteristics of subcohort individuals in the european prospective investigation into cancer and nutrition-interact study by categories of self-rated health
this paper examines the issue of research collaboration as understood and practised among most nigerian researchers. with the increasing demand for publications as a criteria for promotion in many academic institutions, the research behaviour of most academics have been influenced by the desire to meet up with the publication requirements set by various institutional authorities. this has resulted in a situation where research collaboration, which in itself is a much desired approach in research, has been misconstrued, howbeit deliberately, by most nigerian researchers. this paper explore the causes, and practice of 'add-my-name' as a form of collaboration. the paper posited that the practice where researchers only strive to get their names on a paper where they have no intellectual contribution is counterproductive to research emanating from africa, especially nigeria. this paper, therefore, investigated the negative effects of the 'add-my-name' collaboration system, as well as made useful recommendations on proper collaboration. the paper equally used the universe collaborative model to demonstrate the proper approach to collaboration as against the practice of 'add-my-name'.
fox, eugene n. (la rabida-university of chicago institute, chicago, ill.), and masako k. wittner. observations on the group c streptococcal bacteriophage and lytic enzyme system. j. bacteriol. 89:496-502. 1965.-the phage-associated lytic enzyme of group c streptococci was assayed by measuring the solubilized portion of radioactive cell walls. by this sensitive assay system, the induced synthesis of the lytic enzyme was observed intracellularly during phage infection; at least half of the total enzyme was synthesized and remained intracellular during the eclipse period, and was then released with the liberation of mature phage. lytic enzyme could be detected in only two of eight lysogenic strains during temperate-phage production after ultraviolet induction. virulent phage purified by density-gradient centrifugation contained lytic enzyme presumably associated with the virus per se. no hyalyronidase was detected in association with the phage, nor was this enzyme induced during phage synthesis. variant strains of group c streptococci, no longer serologically active, were isolated as phage-resistant mutants. these strains still adsorbed the phage, but without subsequent virus reproduction, indicating that the group polysaccharide was not the primary receptor for the virus.
cellular basis and nature of the polyclonal hyperimmunoglobulinemia induced by antigenic challenge.
intravascular hemolytic parameters were studied in 40 patients after implantation of soviet-made cardiac values with a ball versus angle-opening disc closing device. it was found that with the angle-opening disc closing cardiac valves "liks" and "emiks", hemolysis developed considerably more infrequently and was less marked than with ball valves. a significant difference was found between the activity of lactate dehydrogenase and the levels of haptoglobin in the compared groups of patients (p less than 0.05).
effect of the chain length on the structure of ionic liquids: from spatial heterogeneity to ionic liquid crystals.
right ventricular dp/dt/p(max), not dp/dt(max), noninvasively derived from tricuspid regurgitation velocity is a useful index of right ventricular contractility.
others are secondarily homothallic, in that two compatible nuclei following meiosis migrate into each basidiospore, which is then dispersed as a pre-existing dikaryon.
guo j. pavlopoulos s. tian x. lu d. nikas s. p. yang d.  . (2003 ). conformational study of lipophilic ligands in phospholipid model membrane systems by solution nmr . j. med. chem.
the galápagos archipelago, rising from the eastern equatorial pacific ocean some 900 km off the south american mainland, hosts an iconic and globally significant biological hotspot. the islands are renowned for their unique wealth of endemic species, which inspired charles darwin's theory of evolution and today underpins one of the largest unesco world heritage sites and marine reserves on earth. the regional ecosystem is sustained by strongly seasonal oceanic upwelling events-upward surges of cool, nutrient-rich deep waters that fuel the growth of the phytoplankton upon which the entire ecosystem thrives. yet despite its critical life-supporting role, the upwelling's controlling factors remain undetermined. here, we use a realistic model of the regional ocean circulation to show that the intensity of upwelling is governed by local northward winds, which generate vigorous submesoscale circulations at upper-ocean fronts to the west of the islands. these submesoscale flows drive upwelling of interior waters into the surface mixed layer. our findings thus demonstrate that galápagos upwelling is controlled by highly localized atmosphere-ocean interactions, and call for a focus on these processes in assessing and mitigating the regional ecosystem's vulnerability to 21st-century climate change.
erratum: diagnosis, treatment, and work impact of iron deficiency anemia in a portuguese urban community.
[association between the -1031t/c polymorphism in tumor necrosis factor-alpha gene and unstable angina].
a pharmacist-managed anticoagulation clinic is described, and information on patient outcome during a nine-year period is presented. since 1974, a pharmacist has managed an anticoagulation clinic for ambulatory patients and inpatients at san francisco general hospital medical center. the pharmacist's primary responsibilities include the following: educating patients about their diseases and the importance of drug therapy, monitoring patients' vital signs, performing physical examinations, and adjusting warfarin dosage to maintain prothrombin times within the therapeutic range (1.7-2.5 times normal using control values of 1.0-1.2). these patients are also under the care of their primary physicians. the pharmacist's work is checked by the chief of the cardiac clinic at the end of each clinic session. the effectiveness of the pharmacist in managing clinic patients is reviewed periodically; from january 1975 through june 1984, the pharmacist had treated 140 patients (141 courses of therapy). of 1792 prothrombin times taken during this time, 1060 (59.2%) were within the therapeutic range of 17-25 seconds, 510 (28.5%) were less than 17 seconds, and 222 (12.4%) were greater than 25 seconds. only four major hemorrhagic events (0.002 hemorrhages per patient-treatment month) and 89 minor events (0.05 hemorrhages per patient-treatment month) occurred. the recurrence rate of thromboembolic events was 0.007 per patient-treatment month. pharmacist-managed warfarin therapy in these clinic patients resulted in a level of anticoagulation control and morbidity that was acceptable to physicians.
results in this study showed that the marginal adaptation of restorations was not significantly superior using pulse activation compared with conventional polymerization and soft-start polymerization. on the other hand, slowing down the rate of polymerization technique (pulse activation) produced the lowest values. thus, a positive effect influencing the marginal quality of internal adaptation of the restoration was observed with the use of soft start polymerization and pulse activation methods, decreasing the scores as the initial light intensity also decreased. the pulse activation technique presented the lowest means and microfilled and hybrid resin composite presented similar scores. mehl, et al.17 (1997) mentioned that this effect was strongly related to the initial curing intensity and to the relationship between initial and final curing intensity. in the same way, witzel, et al.26 (2005) demonstrated that the pulse activation reduces the amount of contraction stress on the margins of the restoration. table 3 summarizes the results and confirms these statements.
commentary: plaaf score as a novel predictor of long-term outcome after second-generation cryoballoon pulmonary vein isolation.
because of the high costs associated with new graduate nurse turnover, an academic-service partnership developed a nurse residency program that provides a comprehensive support system that spans 15 months. now in its fourth year, involving more than 50 urban and rural hospitals of varying sizes and geographic locations, the program provides formalized preceptor training, monthly daylong educational sessions, and mentoring by clinical coaches. key factors contributing to the success of this program are a dedicated, cohesive planning team of individuals who embrace a common agenda, stakeholder buy-in, appropriate allocation of resources, and clear articulation of measures of success, with associated data collection. successful elements of the monthly educational sessions are the use of interactive teaching methods, inclusion of content tailored to the unique needs of the nurse residents, and storytelling to facilitate learning from practice. finally, training to advance the skill development of preceptors, coaches, educators, and facilitators has provided organizations with enduring benefits.
forty-seven patients with recurrent head and neck cancer in a previously irradiated field were treated with surgical resection and intraoperative radiation therapy (iort). recurrent disease occurred at a median of 18 months from primary treatment, and was at the primary tumor site in 31 and metastatic to regional lymph nodes in 16. recurrences were squamous cell carcinomas in 42 and adenoid cystic in five. surgical resection left microscopic residual disease in 41 and gross residual in six. all patients received iort with a median of 20 gy. two-year actuarial survival is 54.9%, and 15 patients are alive and disease free with a median survival of 29 months. two-year actuarial local control is 61.5%. a trend toward increased survival (p less than 0.09) and local recurrence control (p = 0.05) was noticed when treating microscopic residual disease as opposed to gross residual disease. perioperative mortality was seen in 8.5% and there was no increase in morbidity secondary to iort. the authors believe that surgical resection and iort is an effective treatment modality for head and neck cancers recurrent in previously irradiated fields and is adaptable to tertiary care hospitals.
uld suggest malignancy, sarcoidosis, or infection.  cardiovascular system  findings are normal. patients with status asthmaticus may have a pulsus paradoxus greater than 10 mm hg. a murmur, s3 gallop,
the aim of this study was to evaluate whether clinical parameters are sufficient using, a multilinear regression model, to reproduce the sagittal plane joint angles (hip, knee, and ankle) in cerebral palsy gait. a total of 154 patients were included. the two legs were considered (308 observations). thirty-six clinical parameters were used as regressors (range of motion, muscle strength, and spasticity of the lower). from the clinical gait analysis, the joint angles of the sagittal plane were selected. results showed that clinical parameter does not provide sufficient information to recover joint angles and/or that the multilinear regression model is not an appropriate solution.
rna 1 of the v strain of tomato aspermy virus (tav) consists of 3410 nucleotides and contains one open reading frame (orf) of 2982 nucleotides, resembling rna 1 of cucumber mosaic virus (cmv) strains q and fny (68% and 66% identical, respectively) and of brome mosaic virus (bmv) (41% identical). in comparisons between amino acid sequences, three conserved regions (n-terminal, c-terminal and central) between tav and each cmv were found. the n- and c-terminal regions were also conserved with bmv, and contained, respectively, consensus motifs for methyltransferases and for nucleic acid helicases. the 5' and 3' non-coding sequences were highly similar to those of tav rna 2. when the sequences for the genomic rnas of the v and c strains of tav, and of their encoded products, are compared with those reported for cmv strains representing either subgroup i (fny-cmv) or subgroup ii (q-cmv) of cmv, it was found that the different virus-encoded proteins are conserved differently between these three viruses. also, the divergence between tav and both cmv subgroups has proceeded at different rates for the different orfs. on the whole, the divergence between tav and cmv is of the same order as that found between cmv subgroups i and ii, which suggests that tav, q-cmv and fny-cmv could be considered as representing three equivalent subgroups of a taxonomic entity.
we thank bing wang for technical assistance, drs p ten dijke, r cagan, s newfeld, h ashe, m o’connor, t xie, t kornberg, s lee, k irvine, g struhl, r mann, james skeath, yt ip, h jiang, k wharton, t schwarz, h broihier, dshb, vdrc and bloomington stock centers for reagents. we thank drs h jiang, yt ip, and g struhl for discussion.
terminalia actinophylla has been used for anti-diarrheic and haemostatic purposes in brazil. the fly spot data obtained after exposure of marker-heterozygous drosophila melanogaster larvae to t. actinophylla ethanolic extract (tae) in the standard (st) and high bioactivation (hb) crosses revealed that tae did not induce any statistically significant increment in any spot categories. differences between the two crosses are related to cytochrome p450 (cyps) levels. in this sense, our data pointed out the absence of tae-direct and indirect mutagenic and recombinagenic action in the somatic mutation and recombination test (smart). when the anti-genotoxicity of tae was analyzed, neither mitomycin c (mmc) nor ethylmethanesulfonate (ems) genotoxicity was modified by the post-exposure to tae, which suggests that tae has no effect on the mechanisms involved in the processing of the lesions induced by both genotoxins. in the mwh/flr(3) genotype, co-treatment with tae may lead to a significant protection against the genotoxicity of mmc and a weak but significant effect in the toxic genetic action of ems. the overall findings suggested that the favorable modulations by tae could be, at least in part, due to its antioxidative potential.
bronchitis chronic bronchitis congestive heart failure and pulmonary edema emphysema foreign body aspiration immunoglobulin g deficiency mixed connective-tissue disease polymyositis pulmonary embolism
13. wu s.  liu b.  zhang x.   characterization of a recombinant thermostable xylanase from deep-sea thermophilic geobacillus  sp. mt-1 in east pacific appl. microbiol. biotechnol. 2006 72 1210 1216 10.1007/s00253-006-0416-4 16607523
upper airways colonisation of streptococcus pneumoniae in adults aged 60 years and older: a systematic review of prevalence and individual participant data meta-analysis of risk factors.
the present series of experiments examined the effects of pretreating pirenperone-injected mice with a variety of non-serotonergic receptor antagonists on retrieval of a one-trial inhibitory (passive) avoidance task. water-deprived mice were trained to avoid drinking from a water spout located in the avoidance chamber by pairing foot-shock with licks from the water spout. retention was measured as the suppression of drinking (latency to drink) 48 h later. pre-test administration of pirenperone (1.0 mg/kg) significantly enhanced retrieval (increased latencies). the suppression of drinking could not be attributed to the non-specific effects of pirenperone on behavior in general, as the performance of non-contigently shocked mice injected with the same dose of pirenperone did not exhibit a similar elevation in latencies. of the seven pretreatment drugs examined, only phenoxybenzamine (1.0 mg/kg) completely blocked the pirenperone-induced response. bicuculline (1.0 mg/kg) partially attenuated the enhanced performance resulting from pre-test pirenperone administration. the results suggest that the pirenperone-induced response may be partly due to activation of noradrenergic (alpha) neurotransmission.
conditions can also have symptoms similar to those of asthma:  vocal cord dysfunction cystic fibrosis congenital cardiac anomalies pulmonary anomalies pertussis primary ciliary dyskinesia tracheomalac
the viability of c5-protonated- and c4,c5-ditopic carbanionic abnormal nhcs: a new dimension in nhc chemistry.
vander heiden mg cantley lc thompson cb  understanding the warburg effect: the metabolic requirements of cell proliferation science 2009 324 1029 1033 19460998
physiological responses to arm and leg-cycling are different, which may influence psychological and biological mechanisms that influence post-exercise cognitive performance. the aim of this study was to determine the effects of maximal and submaximal (absolute and relative intensity matched) arm and leg-cycling on executive function. thirteen males (age, 24.7 ± 5.0 years) initially undertook two incremental exercise tests to volitional exhaustion for arm-cycling (82 ± 18 w) and leg-cycling (243 ± 52 w) for the determination of maximal power output. participants subsequently performed three 20-min constant load exercise trials: (1) arm-cycling at 50% of the ergometer-specific maximal power output (41 ± 9 w), (2) leg-cycling at 50% of the ergometer-specific maximal power output (122 ± 26 w), and (3) leg-cycling at the same absolute power output as the submaximal arm-cycling trial (41 ± 9 w). an executive function task was completed before, immediately after and 15-min after each exercise test. exhaustive leg-cycling increased reaction time (p < 0.05, d = 1.17), while reaction time reduced following exhaustive arm-cycling (p < 0.05, d = -0.62). improvements in reaction time were found after acute relative intensity arm (p < 0.05, d = -0.76) and leg-cycling (p < 0.05, d = -0.73), but not following leg-cycling at the same absolute intensity as arm-cycling (p > 0.05). improvements in reaction time following arm-cycling were maintained for at least 15-min post exercise (p = 0.008, d = -0.73). arm and leg-cycling performed at the same relative intensity elicit comparable improvements in cognitive performance. these findings suggest that individuals restricted to arm exercise possess a similar capacity to elicit an exercise-induced cognitive performance benefit.
viruses have been linked to approximately 20% of all human tumors worldwide. these transforming viruses encode viral oncoproteins that interact with cellular proteins to enhance viral replication. the transcriptional and post-transcriptional effects of these viral oncoproteins ultimately result in cellular transformation. historically, viral research has been vital to the discovery of oncogenes and tumor suppressors with more current research aiding in unraveling some mechanisms of carcinogenesis. interestingly, since transforming viruses affect some of the same pathways that are dysregulated in human cancers, their study enhances our understanding of the multistep process of tumorigenesis. this review will examine the cellular mechanisms targeted by oncogenic human viruses and the processes by which these effects contribute to transformation. in particular, we will focus on three transforming viruses, human t-cell leukemia virus type-i, hepatitis b virus and human papillomavirus. these viruses all encode specific oncogenes that promote cell cycle progression, inhibit dna damage checkpoint responses and prevent programmed cell death in an effort to promote viral propagation. while the transforming properties of these viruses are probably unintended consequences of replication strategies, they provide excellent systems in which to study cancer development.
27 zhang hc  yang j  ye x  hu hf   augmentation enterocystoplasty without reimplantation for patients with neurogenic bladder and vesicoureteral reflux kaohsiung j med sci 2016 32 323 326 27377846
purified gametocytes were washed three times with ca2+ free buffer (cfb, 137 mm nacl, 4 mm kcl, 20 mm glucose, 20 mm hepes, 4 mm nahco3, ph 7.2–7.3, 0.1% bsa) and then incubated in cfb containing 5 μm fluo-8 at 37 °c for 20 min. fluo-8 loaded gametocytes were washed twice with cfb and suspended in rpmi 1640 for flow cytometer analysis. fluo-8 fluorescence signal reflecting cellular ca2+ content in gametocytes were collected using bd lsr fortessa flow cytometer. signals were consecutively collected at 30 s before until 90 s post addition of xa (100 μm) or a23187 (0.1 and 1 μm). cell gating strategies are provided in supplementary fig. 11.
the ratios of cd3+, cd4+, cd4+/cd8+, cd16+, and cd56+ at t1, t2, t3, and t4 were all lower than the observed ratios at t0 in both the ga and gea groups (all p<0.05). the above parameters began to increase at t4 in both groups. there was no significant difference in the ratios of cd3+, cd4+, cd4+/cd8+, cd16+, and cd56+ at t0 and t5 between the two groups (all p>0.05). at t1, t2, t3, and t4, the ratios of cd3+, cd4+, cd4+/cd8+, cd16+, and cd56+ in the ga group were significantly lower than those in the gea group (p<0.05, table 6). there was no apparent difference regarding the ratio of cd8+ at any time point in both groups (all p>0.05).
viral hepatitis (other than hsv), drug-induced hepatitis, or causes of neonatal liver disease (see "approach to evaluation of cholestasis in neonates and young infants" and "acute liver failure in children: etiology and evaluation")•
the •oh molecule has been observed in the interstellar medium since 1963 through its 18-cm transitions.
standardized all-cause mortality was 1.3 times higher for métis compared to other ontarians with copd (39.0 vs. 29.0 deaths per 1000 people, p = 0.01). standardized all-cause mortality was similar between métis and non-métis with asthma (68.0 vs. 65.0 deaths per 1000 people, p = 0.67).
serour, gamal i. (1992) medically assisted conception: dilemma of practice and research—islamic views. in proceedings of the first international conference on bioethics in human reproduction research in the muslim world. gamal i. serour, ed., pp. 234–242. cairo: international islamic center for population studies and research.
the need for coordinated, systematized and catalogued databases on mercury in the environment is of paramount importance as improved information can help the assessment of the effectiveness of measures established to phase out and ban mercury. long-term monitoring sites have been established in a number of regions and countries for the measurement of mercury in ambient air and wet deposition. long term measurements of mercury concentration in biota also produced a huge amount of information, but such initiatives are far from being within a global, systematic and interoperable approach. to address these weaknesses the on-going global mercury observation system (gmos) project ( www.gmos.eu ) established a coordinated global observation system for mercury as well it retrieved historical data ( www.gmos.eu/sdi ). to manage such large amount of information a technological infrastructure was planned. this high-performance back-end resource associated with sophisticated client applications enables data storage, computing services, telecommunications networks and all services necessary to support the activity. this paper reports the architecture definition of the gmos cyber(e)-infrastructure and the services developed to support science and policy, including the united nation environmental program. it finally describes new possibilities in data analysis and data management through client applications.
teitz t wei t valentine mb vanin ef grenet j valentine va behm fg look at lahti jm kidd vj caspase 8 is deleted or silenced preferentially in childhood neuroblastomas with amplification of mycn. nat med 2000 6 529 535 10.1038/75007 10802708
a rough estimate of protein abundances was done using the empai calculation method, which relates the number of experimentally observed unique ions to the number of peptides obtainable by in silico cleavage with a given enzyme [27]. using this method, we identified spicule matrix protein sm50 as the by far most abundant protein in this matrix, indicating that this is the most abundant protein in all adult skeletal elements [29]. the 10 most abundant proteins also included sm37, sm29, a protein similar to sm29 [glean3:05991], sm32, and sm30-e [30]. two other proteins similar to sm29 [glean3:05989; glean3:05992] were of lower abundance. other sm proteins, including sm30-f, which was previously identified as a low abundance protein in spine matrix [29], were not identified unequivocally. two other proteins of the c-type lectin-like protein family, which were among the five most abundant test matrix proteins [29], were also identified in tooth matrix. however, while the protein contained in glean3:13825 was also a highly abundant protein in tooth matrix (additional file 1: proteins identified in demineralized tooth powder), the protein of glean3:11163 was of lower abundance and was identified only tentatively (additional file 2: proteins tentatively identified in the matrix of tooth powder).
dynamic models - often deterministic in nature - were used to estimate the basic reproductive number, r0, of the 2014-5 ebola virus disease (evd) epidemic outbreak in west africa. estimates of r0 were then used to project the likelihood for large outbreak sizes, e.g., exceeding hundreds of thousands of cases. yet fitting deterministic models can lead to over-confidence in the confidence intervals of the fitted r0, and, in turn, the type and scope of necessary interventions. in this manuscript we propose a hybrid stochastic-deterministic method to estimate r0 and associated confidence intervals (cis). the core idea is that stochastic realizations of an underlying deterministic model can be used to evaluate the compatibility of candidate values of r0 with observed epidemic curves. the compatibility is based on comparing the distribution of expected epidemic growth rates with the observed epidemic growth rate given "process noise", i.e., arising due to stochastic transmission, recovery and death events. by applying our method to reported evd case counts from guinea, liberia and sierra leone, we show that prior estimates of r0 based on deterministic fits appear to be more confident than analysis of stochastic trajectories suggests should be possible. moving forward, we recommend including process noise among other sources of noise when estimating r0 cis of emerging epidemics. our hybrid procedure represents an adaptable and easy-to-implement approach for such estimation.
pursuing less-trivial forms of knowledge (including the introduced constant or order-preserving concepts);
to investigate the effects of spinach nitrate on insulin resistance, lipid metabolism, endothelial function, and inflammation in mice fed with a high-fat and high-fructose diet.
. skin testing is recommended for antigens to which the patient is exposed rather than testing with a standard panel. skin test findings have a fairly high false-positive rate but a very good negative
six tetranuclear rectangular metallacycles were synthesized via the [2+2] coordination-driven self-assembly of imidazole-based ditopic donor 1,4-bis(imidazole-1-yl)benzene and 1,3-bis(imidazol-1-yl)benzene, with dinuclear half-sandwich
quantification of the effects of resperine on gonadotroph expression in the pituitary of goldfish (carassius auratus).
salinity tolerance of "c. mutica" does not go below 15 psu, and they are unable to survive in freshwater habitats.
ankylosing spondylitis and related spondyloarthropathies show a remarkable association with a genetic marker--hla-b27--and also illustrate the relationship between host and environmental factors. hla-b27 has revitalized the epidemiology of spondyloarthropathies and has helped to broaden the clinical spectrum of these diseases. these and other aspects of descriptive and genetic epidemiology are reviewed.
heterogeneous assessment of shoulder disorders: validation of the standardized index of shoulder function.
dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate prevented the increase in corticosterone level in rats induced by repeated exposure to stress. the mu-opioid receptor blocker naltrexone administered in a dose of 0.1 mg/kg 20 min before treatment with dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate abolished the effect of this agent. dehydroepiandrosterone sulfate and naltrexone had no effect on rats after acute stress.
electrochemical synthesis and electro-optical properties of dibenzothiophene/thiophene conjugated polymers with stepwise enhanced conjugation lengths
bone histomorphometry was carried out in 11 women, aged 53 to 80 (mean = 69.6), treated with fluoride for vertebral osteoporosis for more than 6 months and having suffered one or more stress fractures (1 to 4 sites, mean = 1.7 sites) during that time. classical contraindications were complied with in all cases but 2 patients did not have any combined calcium supplement. in 6 cases, histomorphometry showed no sign (notably hyperosteoidosis) of the effects of fluoride on bone. bone trabecular volume was markedly below the fracture threshold in 4 patients. this group refractory to fluoride included the two patients who had received no calcium supplement. in 5 cases, histomorphometry showed hyperosteoidosis of normal or low thickness, with a normal mineralisation rate, reflecting the effects of fluoride on bone. however, bone trabecular volume remained below the fracture threshold in all cases. in all 11 cases, bone structure studied in polarised light was lamellar and there was no increase in cortical porosity. these results suggest that the imputability to fluoride of peripheral bone accidents must be viewed very relatively (the persistence of an insufficient bone trabecular volume being the feature usually found) or, at any event, that its possible iatrogenic effect is not linked to bone remoulding abnormalities.
although referred pain or hypersensitivity has been repeatedly reported in irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) patients and experimental colitis rodents, little is known about the neural mechanisms. spinal long-term potentiation (ltp) of nociceptive synaptic transmission plays a critical role in the development of somatic hyperalgesia in chronic pain conditions. herein, we sought to determine whether spinal ltp contributes to the referral hyperalgesia in colitis rats and particularly whether electroacupuncture (ea) is effective to alleviate somatic hyperalgesia via suppressing spinal ltp. rats in the colitis group (induced by colonic infusion of 2,4,6-trinitrobenzenesulfonic acid, tnbs), instead of the control and vehicle groups, displayed evident focal inflammatory destruction of the distal colon accompanied not only with the sensitized visceromotor response (vmr) to noxious colorectal distension (crd) but also with referral hindpaw hyperalgesia indicated by reduced mechanical and thermal withdrawal latencies. ea at zusanli (st36) and shangjuxu (st37) attenuated the severity of colonic inflammation, as well as the visceral hypersensitivity and referral hindpaw hyperalgesia in colitis rats. intriguingly, the threshold of c-fiber-evoked field potentials (cfefp) was significantly reduced and the spinal ltp was exaggerated in the colitis group, both of which were restored by ea treatment. taken together, visceral hypersensitivity and referral hindpaw hyperalgesia coexist in tnbs-induced colitis rats, which might be attributed to the enhanced ltp of nociceptive synaptic transmission in the spinal dorsal horn. ea at st36 and st37 could relieve visceral hypersensitivity and, in particular, attenuate referral hindpaw hyperalgesia by suppressing the enhanced spinal ltp.
removal of toxic arsenic (as(ⅲ)) from industrial wastewater by ultrasonic enhanced zero-valent lead combined with cuso
comparison of the primary structures of numerous ca(2+)-dependent animal lectins reveals the presence of a common sequence motif which has been suggested to form the carbohydrate-recognition domain in these proteins. the extent of the functional carbohydrate-recognition domains in two rat c-type lectins, mannose-binding protein a and the major subunit of the asialoglycoprotein receptor (rat hepatic lectin 1), has been defined by expressing truncated fragments of the proteins in an in vitro transcription and translation system. the shortest fully functional fragments constitute the cooh-terminal 120 amino acids of mannose-binding protein a and 135 amino acids of rat hepatic lectin 1. these segments correspond closely to protease-resistant protein cores which can be isolated from the native lectins. the nh2-terminal boundary of each minimum carbohydrate-recognition domain falls near the site of an intron in the corresponding gene.
because good control of blood glucose can slow or prevent the progression of complications associated with diabetes, such as nerve or eye damage, a successful transplant may reduce the risk of these complications.
the high similarity of different sepv variants was reflected by phylogenetic and pairwise identity analysis of the ns and vp2 nucleotide sequences. pairwise identities between sepv ns variants were 99.3% or higher and between sepv vp2 variants 99.5% or higher, while pairwise identities between sepv and other parvoviruses belonging to the genus erythroparvovirus were 51.9% or lower for the ns gene and 50.6% or lower for the vp2 gene (figure 2).
the spliceosome is a large, dynamic ribonuclear protein complex, required for the removal of intron sequences from newly synthesized eukaryotic rnas. the spliceosome contains five essential small nuclear rnas (snrnas): u1, u2, u4, u5, and u6. phylogenetic comparisons of snrnas from protists to mammals have long demonstrated remarkable conservation in both primary sequence and secondary structure. in contrast, the snrnas of the hemiascomycetous yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae have highly unusual features that set them apart from the snrnas of other eukaryotes. with an emphasis on the pathogenic yeast candida albicans, we have now identified and compared snrnas from newly sequenced yeast genomes, providing a perspective on spliceosome evolution within the hemiascomycetes. in addition to tracing the origins of previously identified snrna variations present in saccharomyces cerevisiae, we have found numerous unexpected changes occurring throughout the hemiascomycetous lineages. our observations reveal interesting examples of rna and protein coevolution, giving rise to altered interaction domains, losses of deeply conserved snrna-binding proteins, and unique snrna sequence changes within the catalytic center of the spliceosome. these same yeast lineages have experienced exceptionally high rates of intron loss, such that modern hemiascomycetous genomes contain introns in only approximately 5% of their genes. also, the splice site sequences of those introns that remain adhere to an unusually strict consensus. some of the snrna variations we observe may thus reflect the altered intron landscape with which the hemiascomycetous spliceosome must contend.
the stability of ethacrynate sodium (1 mg/ml) in 0.9% sodium chloride injection has been studied at 25 deg c and 5 deg c in polypropylene syringes by using a stability-indicating high-performance liquid chromatography assay method. the concentrations of the drug were directly related to peak heights, and the percent relative standard deviation based on 5 injections was 1.6. mannitol, which is added as an excipient in the injection, did not interfere with the assay procedure. two products of decomposition separated from the intact drug. at 25 deg c, there was no loss in potency after 14 days of storage or at 5 deg c after 22 days of storage. the ph value (6.5) of the injection remained constant throughout the study period. the drug was not adsorbed onto the syringes and the physical appearance of the injection did not change.
analysis of the thyroglobulin internalization process using in vitro reconstituted thyroid follicles: evidence for a coated vesicle-dependent endocytic pathway.
measuring approximately 6 nm in diameter, microfilaments are the thinnest fibers of the cytoskeleton.
7. edgar rs  stangherlin a  nagy ad  nicoll mp  efstathiou s  o'neill js  reddy ab   cell autonomous regulation of herpes and influenza virus infection by the circadian clock proc natl acad sci u s a 2016 113 10085 10090 10.1073/pnas.1601895113 27528682
yan h  tammaro m  liao s   collision of trapped topoisomerase 2 with transcription and replication: generation and repair of dna double-strand breaks with 5´  adducts genes 2016 7 e32 27376333
bayart f  simmen b   demography, range use, and behaviour in black lemurs (eulemur macaco macaco ) at ampasikely, northwest madagascar american journal of primatology 2005 67 299 312 10.1002/ajp.20186 16287130
structural relationship of kappa-type light chains with al amyloidosis: multiple deletions found in a vkappaiv protein.
the mechanism of 5-aminolevulinic acid photodynamic therapy in promoting endoplasmic reticulum stress in the treatment of hr-hpv-infected hela cells.
impact of a computerized alert during physician order entry on medication dosing in patients with renal impairment.
在实地调查数据的基础上,本研究结合gis空间分析技术和地理探测器模型,分析福建省入侵植物空间分布情况,以及地理与社会环境因子及其交互作用对入侵植物分布的影响.结果表明: 福建省共记录入侵植物82种,其中,优势科为菊科,小蓬草、藿香蓟和空心莲子草出现频次最高.沿海区域的入侵植物物种数量多于内陆区域,福州和厦门为福建省外来入侵植物的两大热点地区.入侵植物在不同海拔均有分布,但入侵植物的种类随着海拔的升高总体呈下降趋势.地理探测器分析显示,自然环境因子中降水和社会经济因子中路网密度、人口密度是入侵植物空间分布的主要影响因子.各因子的空间交互作用会正向影响入侵植物的空间分布,这反映出入侵植物空间分布影响要素的复杂性.综上,将地理探测器应用到入侵植物研究领域是可行的,筛选出的环境指示因子可用于监测福建省入侵植物的适生区,从而为采取有效的防控措施提供科学依据.
the introduction of therapeutic hypothermia is improving the prognosis of these patients, and there is an increasing number of new studies and reassessment of concepts in hypoxic encephalopathy. aggressive treatment could be justified in some patients since they may awaken if their seizures are treated adequately. treatment in these cases is usually initiated in a similar way to any se but with particularities: clonazepam, valproate, levetiracetam, or piracetam is preferable to other antiepileptic drugs (aeds) (especially phenytoin) due to their antimyoclonic action, and, if necessary, the comatose state should be induced pharmacologically, controlling the depth of coma by eeg until epileptiform activity is eliminated.
a pulse treatment of embryos of norway spruce with cytokinin suppresses germinative development and induces the coordinate formation of adventitious buds from subepidermal cell layers. to analyse the patterns of gene expression associated with germination and the alterations induced by the bud induction treatment, we have isolated cdna clones corresponding to genes that are differentially expressed in cytokinin-treated and untreated in vitro germinating embryos. one category of 14 clones hybridized to transcripts that were abundant specifically during germination. the expression of 8 of these genes was reduced by the bud induction treatment. four clones, including one identified as a histone h2a gene, recognized transcripts that showed an increased abundance in bud-induced versus in vitro germinating embryos. a second category of 13 clones hybridized to transcripts that increased in abundance during post-germinative development of the seedling. among these a subset of 8 clones, including an alpha-tubulin clone, corresponds to genes suppressed by the bud induction treatment, whereas 5 clones, including a gene with sequence similarity to polyubiquitin, were unaffected by the treatment. one clone hybridized to a message abundant in the seed, during early germination as well as in the vegetative bud, and showed 60% partial sequence identity to a barley (1----3)-beta-glucanase gene. genes expressed exclusively in bud-induced or in vitro germinating embryos were not found. the results show that a major difference in gene expression between treated and untreated embryos is related to the shift from extensive cell proliferation to elongation and differentiation that occurs at the transition from germination to post-germinative development, and which is suppressed in the bud-induced embryos.
21 durnin jv  rahaman mm   the assessment of the amount of fat in the human body from measurements of skinfold thickness br j nutr. 2003 89 147 55 12572562
[lesions of the carotid artery wall in guinea pigs after temporary clipping with emphasis on the vasa vasorum network].
153 li y.  hai j.  li l.    administration of ghrelin improves inflammation, oxidative stress, and apoptosis during and after non-alcoholic fatty liver disease development endocrine  2013 43 2 376 386 10.1007/s12020-012-9761-5 2-s2.0-84878619468 22843123 22843123
a gram-negative, aerobic, ovoid to rod-shaped bacterial strain, kme 002(t) was isolated from a marine ascidian, halocynthia roretzi, off the coast of gangneung, korea. phylogenetic analyses based on 16s rrna gene sequences showed that this strain belonged to the family rhodobacteraceae in the class alphaproteobacteria and was closely related to the type strains of dinoroseobacter shibae, roseovarius crassostreae and pseudoruegeria aquimaris with 95.0, 94.7 and 94.5% 16s rrna gene sequence similarities, respectively. kme 002(t) was an obligately halophilic bacterium requiring 1 to 5% (w/v) nacl, with an absolute requirement for magnesium chloride for growth. cells were motile by means of a single polar flagellum and showed budding fission. the predominant cellular fatty acid of the isolate was c(18:1)ω7c and q-10 was the major ubiquinone. the dna g+c content of the strain was 71.6 mol%. the major secondary metabolites from cultures in liquid medium were cholic acid derivatives, including 3α,12α-hydroxy-3-keto-glycocholanic acid, 12-hydroxy-3-keto-glycocholanic acid, nutriacholic acid and deoxycholic acid. these characteristics determined in this polyphasic study suggest that strain kme 002(t) represents a novel species in a new genus of the family rhodobacteraceae. the name hasllibacter halocynthiae gen. nov., sp. nov. is proposed for this isolate, and the type strain is kme 002(t) (=jcm 16214(t)=kccm 90082(t)).
viral entry into susceptible host cells typically results from multivalent interactions between viral surface proteins and host entry receptors. in the case of sin nombre virus (snv), a new world hantavirus that causes hantavirus cardiopulmonary syndrome, infection involves the interaction between viral membrane surface glycoproteins and the human integrin alpha(v)beta(3). currently, there are no therapeutic agents available which specifically target snv. to address this problem, we used phage display selection of cyclic nonapeptides to identify peptides that bound snv and specifically prevented snv infection in vitro. we synthesized cyclic nonapeptides based on peptide sequences of phage demonstrating the strongest inhibition of infection, and in all cases, the isolated peptides were less effective at blocking infection (9.0% to 27.6% inhibition) than were the same peptides presented by phage (74.0% to 82.6% inhibition). since peptides presented by the phage were pentavalent, we determined whether the identified peptides would show greater inhibition if presented in a multivalent format. we used carboxyl linkages to conjugate selected cyclic peptides to multivalent nanoparticles and tested infection inhibition. two of the peptides, clvrnlawc and cqattarnc, showed inhibition that was improved over that of the free format when presented on nanoparticles at a 4:1 nanoparticle-to-virus ratio (9.0% to 32.5% and 27.6% to 37.6%, respectively), with cqattarnc inhibition surpassing 50% when nanoparticles were used at a 20:1 ratio versus virus. these data illustrate that multivalent inhibitors may disrupt polyvalent protein-protein interactions, such as those utilized for viral infection of host cells, and may represent a useful therapeutic approach.
le out the presence of an allergy to those allergens. if restrictive or other lung disease is suggested by history, physical examination, or pulmonary function testing findings, additional data must b
fine specificity and cytolytic activity of continuously growing alloreactive cytotoxic t lymphocyte clones.
when the tumour is incompletely resected (positive margins) post-operative radiotherapy gives local control comparable to a complete resection (clear margins).
glycerophosphocholine (gropcho) is a diester that accumulates in different physiological processes leading to phospholipid remodeling. however, very little is known about its metabolism in higher plant cells. (31)p-nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy and biochemical analyses performed on carrot (daucus carota) cells fed with gropcho revealed the existence of an extracellular gropcho phosphodiesterase. this enzymatic activity splits gropcho into sn-glycerol-3-phosphate and free choline. in vivo, sn-glycerol-3-phosphate is further hydrolyzed into glycerol and inorganic phosphate by acid phosphatase. we visualized the incorporation and the compartmentation of choline and observed that the major choline pool was phosphorylated and accumulated in the cytosol, whereas a minor fraction was incorporated in the vacuole as free choline. isolation of plasma membranes, culture medium, and cell wall proteins enabled us to localize this phosphodiesterase activity on the cell wall. we also report the existence of an intracellular glycerophosphodiesterase. this second activity is localized in the vacuole and hydrolyzes gropcho in a similar fashion to the cell wall phosphodiesterase. both extra- and intracellular phosphodiesterases are widespread among different plant species and are often enhanced during phosphate deprivation. finally, competition experiments on the extracellular phosphodiesterase suggested a specificity for glycerophosphodiesters (apparent k(m) of 50 microm), which distinguishes it from other phosphodiesterases previously described in the literature.
and that >70% is a goal for discharge from the emergency care setting. severe exacerbations require standard care that includes supplemental oxygen (goal pao2 >60 mm hg, arterial oxygen saturation >9
60 (suppl. 6 ), 13 –18 . available online at: http://www.jpp.krakow.pl/journal/archive/12_09_s6/pdf/13_12_09_s6_article.pdf20224146
[temporary hepatic care. 3. technic of hepatetectomy and lavage through isolation perfusion of the swine liver].
in the potentially eligible population and among participants at baseline, the quality of anticoagulant care was high in all groups. this result is reassuring, since previous research has indicated that pmb receive poorer care than those without. the generally high quality of oat care in our study confirms the findings of a previous study that took place in a german general practice setting [28].
of anti-inflammatory medications (usually, inhaled corticosteroids) in patients at all stages beyond mild intermittent asthma. even the use of such medications in children improves many outcomes, incl
in vitro anti-reovirus activity of kuraridin isolated from sophora flavescens against viral replication and hemagglutination.
short-term response to immune-chemotherapy and immune features of a ceritinib-resistant patient with 
17. storholm ed  ober aj  hunter sb  becker km  iyiewuare po  pham c    barriers to integrating the continuum of care for opioid and alcohol use disorders in primary care: a qualitative longitudinal study j subst abus treat 2017 83 45 54 10.1016/j.jsat.2017.09.015
pancreatic cancer: a novel method of imaging pancreatic cancer cells and precursors in mice could lead to early diagnosis.
in the placebo group (although this signal was statistically significant only in african americans). most experts continue to recommend the addition of long-acting beta agonists when disease is not a
an . clinical significance of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes for gastric cancer in the era of immunology . world j gastrointest oncol . 2017 ;9 (7 ):293 –299 . doi:10.4251/wjgo.v9.i7.293 28808502
30 patients who had psychosomatic disorders and were living constantly with the same partner were followed up 2-3 years after inpatient psychotherapy. the outcome of psychotherapy was assessed and the patients were interviewed about partnership and disease. the interviews were evaluated by 10 raters who had to score 26 variables. using a discriminant analysis 4 variables were selected which predicted outcome correctly in 93.3% of the patients: who leaves whom in case of separation; partner's help in coping with illness guided by patient's needs; cognitive reappraisal of the patient, and changes in the extradyadic relation of the partner. the findings clearly demonstrate that the cognitions on partnership are connected with the outcome of psychotherapy to a substantial degree.
the ovary is sensitive to disruption by the environmental estrogen bisphenol a (bpa). our aim was to investigate whether perinatal exposure to bpa (50μg/kgday), orally administered, affects ovarian response to exogenous gonadotrophins (pmsg or pmsg+hcg) in prepubertal female offspring. an altered response to gonadotrophins was observed in bpa-exposed rats. increased proportion of antral follicles, altered levels of ovarian steroidogenic enzymes, gonadotropin receptors, ar and erβ were observed in pmsg group. besides that, in response to pmsg+hcg, a persistent high fshr mrna expression and a decreased number of follicles with high expression of pr before ovulation were observed. after ovulation, there was an increase in antral atretic follicles, reduced lhcgr mrna expression and high serum levels of e2. therefore, an early exposure to a low dose of bpa during perinatal period induces ovarian changes leading to an altered response to exogenous gonadotropin treatment later in life.
the ganglioside composition of 15 cases of meningioma, 15 cases of astrocytoma, 5 cases of neurinoma, 4 cases of ependymoma, 3 cases of metastatic brain tumor and 1 case each of mixed glioma, oligodendroglioma, medulloblastoma, embryonal carcinoma, and cultured glioma cell line were analyzed by thin-layer chromatography. the gm2, gd3, and gd2 content of the tumors was determined using specific monoclonal antibodies (mab). cases were grouped according to the difference in ganglioside pattern and various clinical features. in meningiomas and astrocytomas, gm3 and gd3 were the major gangliosides. the tumor content of the rather simple gangliosides (gm3, gm2, gd3, gd2) increased or was almost equal to that of normal tissue (leptomeninges tissue in the case of meningiomas, and brain tissue in the case of astrocytomas), while the tumor content of complex gangliosides (gm1, gd1a, gt1a, gt1b) decreased as compared with normal tissue. the gm3 content of meningiomas increased in middle-aged patients, who comprised the majority of the patients with these tumors. the gd2 content decreased in middle-aged patients with initial symptoms of meningioma within a year. the gm3 content of astrocytomas decreased in patients who underwent radiotherapy. the amount of gm3 and gd3 increased in small tumors. gm3 may be related to the early proliferative stage. the ganglioside patterns of brain tumors are shown in this study to differ according to clinical features and also to be changeable in their clinical courses.
the relationship between current intensity for nerve stimulation and success of peripheral nerve blocks performed in pediatric patients under general anesthesia.
the hypothesis testing procedure using cp-fit may have anti-conservative results when the data are nb-sim. the test using nb-fit is slightly conservative, but sufficiently powerful under model-misspecification. tests using vst are the most conservative and hence the least powerful. the cp-fit based bootstrap confidence interval performs the best among the three different methods considered. all the confidence intervals have a tendency to underestimate the true heritability, but the cp-fit based method seem to be the least biased and have coverage closest to the target 95%. these bootstrap based confidence intervals are computationally expensive and one may choose to use them only for a limited number of interesting features. in terms of computational cost (both estimation and hypothesis test), cp-fit is faster than nb-fit, and the lmm methods (vst and voom) are much faster than both cp-fit and nb-fit. for the lxs mirna dataset with hypothesis testing, the cpu time required was 17.167, 12.607, 0.265, 0.301 for nb-fit, cp-fit, vst, and voom, respectively (os x 10.10.5, 2.5 ghz intel core i7, 16 gb 1600 mhz ddr3).
interspecific competition among catch crops modifies vertical root biomass distribution and nitrate scavenging in soils.
drobik c.  laskawi r.   frey’s syndrome: treatment with botulinum toxin acta otolaryngol. 115 3 1995 459 461 7653272
uptodate offers two types of patient education materials, "the basics" and "beyond the basics." the basics patient education pieces are written in plain language, at the 5th to 6th grade reading level, and they answer the four or five key questions a patient might have about a given condition. these articles are best for patients who want a general overview and who prefer short, easy-to-read materials. beyond the basics patient education pieces are longer, more sophisticated, and more detailed. these articles are written at the 10th to 12th grade reading level and are best for patients who want in-depth information and are comfortable with some medical jargon.here are the patient education articles that are relevant to this topic. we encourage you to print or e-mail these topics to your patients. (you can also locate patient education articles on a variety of subjects by searching on "patient info" and the keyword(s) of interest.)●
maternal phenylketonuria international collaborative study revisited: evaluation of maternal nutritional risk factors besides phenylalanine for fetal congenital heart defects.
biomechanical models used to estimate joint loads often predict that antagonistic muscles are inactive or underestimate their contributions [3, 5]. this can result in systematic underestimation of muscle force predictions and joint contact forces. to test the feasibility of employing an empirical co-activation ratio to improve shoulder muscle force modeling estimates, it was purposed to define the co-activation relationship between humeral internal and external rotator muscles in young healthy adults. electromyography was recorded from rotator cuff and shoulder musculature of 20 adults. participants performed 54 submaximal voluntary force exertions of humeral internal and external rotation at various humeral abduction and rotation postures. empirical co-activation relationships for aggregates of humeral internal and external rotators (non-weighted and pcsa-weighted versions) were well characterized by regression models (r (2) = 0.62-0.70) during internal rotation exertions, but only moderately well (r (2) = 0.35-0.42) during external rotation exertions. humeral abduction and intensity were important predictors in both exertion types. there was no or minimal improvement in r (2) using pcsa-weighted cis, suggesting low utility. quantification and implementation of shoulder co-activation into biomechanical models may improve muscle force and joint load estimates, which could assist in more reliable injury risk and tissue load predictions.
the plant cell wall is the extracellular matrix consisting of cellulose, hemicellulose and lignin. it plays essential roles in plant growth and adaptive responses to adverse environmental conditions [20–22]. the cell wall integrity (cwi) and structures are dynamically regulated during plant development and are capable of being remodeled in response to various environmental stresses [23–26]. fine-tuning regulation of the proportions and the amounts of each matrix component within the cell wall determines its nature and functions. remarkably, deposition of lignin, phenylpropanoid polymer, which is highly hydrophobic in the cell wall, determines cell wall stiffness and permeability to water [27–29]. in yeast, the cwi signaling pathway plays a vital role in adjusting the cell wall thickness and composition to environmental cues, in particular freezing temperature and osmotic stress [30,31]. in plants, similar processes are employed for controlling cell wall integrity and performance during development, drought and defense [32], but the precise mechanisms remain unclear.
our analysis included all genetic association studies of the angiotensin converting enzyme insertion or deletion polymorphism in coronary restenosis after a percutaneous coronary intervention, with or without coronary stenting, conducted before the end of sep. 2013. to accomplish this task, the medline, pubmed, isi web of science, embase, ebsco, cochrane library databases, wanfang and cnki (china national knowledge infrastructure) databases were searched. for the electronic searches we used combinations of key words relating to the angiotensin converting enzyme gene (for example, angiotensin converting enzyme, ace, peptidyl-dipeptidase a, polymorphism, variant, insertion/deletion, i/d, d/i) and to restenosis (for example, coronary, restenosis, percutaneous, angioplasty, ptca, stent, stenting). to reduce the likelihood of publication bias, unpublished data, negative data from candidate gene studies, and gwas (genome-wide association studies) data were also actively sought. articles were selected on the basis of the abstract, before examining the full text. in addition, the reference lists of selected articles were hand-searched to identify additional relevant reports. case reports, case-only studies, editorials, and review articles were excluded. articles in languages other than english were translated.
reboxetine (reb) is a member of a new class of antidepressant drugs, which selectively inhibit the neuronal reuptake of noradrenaline. it is devoid of any affinity for neurotransmitter receptors nor does it inhibit monoamine oxidases a or b. since our earlier studies have shown that antidepressant drugs administered repeatedly increase the responsiveness of alpha1-adrenergic receptors and induce the up-regulation of postsynaptic dopamine d2/d3 receptors in the rat brain, we designed the present experiments to determine whether repeated administration of reb evokes similar effects. the experiments were carried out on male wistar rats. reb was administered at a dose of 10 mg/kg (or 30 mg/kg in some cases) once or repeatedly (twice daily for 14 days). the obtained results show that reb administered repeatedly increased exploratory behavior induced by phenylephrine and potentiated the hyperlocomotion induced by d-amphetamine. these behavioral effects indicate the hyperresponsiveness of alpha1-adrenergic receptors. biochemical studies did not show any changes in the binding parameters of [3h]prazosin (bmax, or kd), but the ability of the alpha1-adrenergic receptor agonist, phenylephrine, to compete for these sites was significantly increased upon repeated administration of reb. locomotor activity induced by quinpirole was not changed, although there was a potentiation of 7-oh-dpat-induced locomotor hyperactivity in rats receiving repeated administration of reb. at the same time no significant changes in the binding of [3h]quinpirole and [3h]7-oh-dpat, or at the level of mrna coding for dopamine d2 receptors in the rat brain were observed. enhanced responsiveness to 7-oh-dpat observed in the behavioral studies might, therefore, result from alterations at the postreceptor level. the above results indicate that repeated administration of reb induces the adaptive changes in the alpha1-adrenergic receptors, especially it enhances their functional responsiveness. however, the question whether this functional responsiveness is important for the clinical antidepressant efficacy, remains to be elucidated.
the character of the time-asymptotic evolution of physical systems can have complex, singular behavior with variation of a system parameter, particularly when chaos is involved. a perturbation of the parameter by a small amount ε can convert an attractor from chaotic to nonchaotic or vice versa. we call a parameter value where this can happen ε uncertain. the probability that a random choice of the parameter is ε uncertain commonly scales like a power law in ε. surprisingly, two seemingly similar ways of defining this scaling, both of physical interest, yield different numerical values for the scaling exponent. we show why this happens and present a quantitative analysis of this phenomenon.
uptodate offers two types of patient education materials, "the basics" and "beyond the basics." the basics patient education pieces are written in plain language, at the 5th to 6th grade reading level, and they answer the four or five key questions a patient might have about a given condition. these articles are best for patients who want a general overview and who prefer short, easy-to-read materials. beyond the basics patient education pieces are longer, more sophisticated, and more detailed. these articles are written at the 10th to 12th grade reading level and are best for patients who want in-depth information and are comfortable with some medical jargon.here are the patient education articles that are relevant to this topic. we encourage you to print or e-mail these topics to your patients. (you can also locate patient education articles on a variety of subjects by searching on "patient info" and the keyword(s) of interest.)●
children between the ages of 9 and 15 are a high-risk group for tobacco use. the centers for disease control estimates that first use of cigarettes among adolescents has risen 30% over the past decade, and that more than 1.2 million people age < 18 became daily smokers in 1996 alone. moreover, research indicating that awareness and liking of cigarette advertisements is higher among adolescents than adults underscores the need to devote more effort to understanding reactions to tobacco-related messages. adding to this problem is the fact that the early gains of some successful anti-tobacco interventions disappear as adolescents age. drawing on the theory of psychological reactance, a number of hypotheses were tested that addressed the impact of pro- and anti-smoking messages on a variety of outcomes, including participants' intended behaviors, evaluation of message sources, and seeking of disconfirming information. all the messages were created and delivered to 4th-, 7th-, and 10th-grade students via personal computers. the pattern of results supports the theoretically derived hypotheses, indicating that grade level and message type had a significant impact on the processing of tobacco-related messages. implications and suggestions for future tobacco prevention campaigns are discussed.
figure 3. msc-cm treatment alters chemotactic responses following uuo. (a) representative images and (b) quantitative analysis of f4/80 staining in sham + pbs, sham + msc-cm, uuo + pbs and uuo + msc-cm mice 3 days following surgery. scale bar=50 µm. data are presented as the mean ± standard deviation (n=7–8). (c) representative western blotting images and (d) quantitative analysis for ccl-2, 3 days following surgery. data are presented as the means ± standard deviation (n=6). (e) reverse transcription-quantitative polymerase chain reaction analysis of ccl-2 mrna in kidneys from sham + pbs, sham + msc-cm, uuo + pbs and uuo + msc-cm mice 3 days following surgery. data are presented as the means ± standard deviation (n=6). *p<0.05 vs. sham + pbs group; $p<0.05 vs. uuo + pbs group. ccl-2, cc chemokine ligand-2; msc-cm, mesenchymal stem cell-conditioned media; sham + pbs, sham-operated and pbs treated; sham + msc-cm, sham-operated and msc-cm treated; uuo, unilateral ureteral obstruction; uuo + pbs, uuo model and pbs treated; uuo + msc-cm, uuo model and msc-cm treated.
a method is described for measuring the spectral radiant power of vuv and soft x-ray sources using the electron storage ring bessy as a radiometric standard source of calculable spectral radiant power and degree of polarization. an ellipsoidal grazing incidence mirror stigmatically images the stored electrons or the source under investigation in equal optical conditions into a toroidal grating monochromator. the monochromator can be rotated around its optical axis in uhv conditions to account for different degrees of polarization of the two sources. the accuracy presently available with this method is demonstrated by a measurement of the spectral concentration of radiant intensity of a laser-produced tungsten plasma in the wavelength range between 7 and 100 nm with an overall uncertainty of 10%. a detailed analysis of the contributions to this uncertainty shows that the major part of it is caused by the presently uncertain knowledge of the polarizing properties of the radiometric instrumentation and by the uncertainty of the correction procedure which accounts for the influence of higher diffraction orders of the monochromator grating. the results of the radiation measurements of the laser-produced tungsten plasma let us expect that this source type has the potential to serve as a radiometric transfer standard in the vuv and soft x-ray range below 100 nm.
we investigated the effects of dermatophagoides farinae (df) and interleukin (il)-2 on the release of eosinophil colony-stimulating factor (eo-csf) activity from mononuclear cells (mnc) and lymphocytes of patients with bronchial asthma (ba) who were sensitive to df to clarify its relationship with il-5 and granulocyte/macrophage colony-stimulating factor (gm-csf). mnc and t cells of patients cultured with il-2 and df released eo-csf activity. these eo-csf activities were partially inhibited by anti-il-5 and anti-gm-csf antibodies. in 11 of 15 cases studied, mnc from patients produced gm-csf in response to il-2. in four of 15 cases studied, mnc from patients produced gm-csf in response to df. on culture with il-2 or df, the releases of il-5 into the medium by mnc from individual patients varied. the results indicate that in ba responsiveness of lymphocytes to df is increased, and suggest that il-5 and gm-csf produced by t cells play a role in the induction of eosinophilia and the pathogenesis of ba.
10.1371/journal.pone.0109146.g004figure 4 fecal scfa concentrations and proportion of total scfa content in rats.
ses, pillows, comforters, the most important intervention), washing other bedding in hot water (the most effective temperature being 130°f [54.4°c]), removing rugs from the bedroom, limiting upholster
pitfalls in multimodality imaging in a patient undergoing evaluation for bone marrow transplantation.
x-irradiation of mitotic chinese hamster cells. i. damage expression and recovery in surviving daughter cells.
as of late 2007, only one structure has been solved for this class of enzymes, with the pdb accession code .
feasibility and effectiveness of cognitive-behavioral therapy for posttraumatic stress disorder in preschool children: two case reports.
a design for a continuous multi-port suction device for c-130 tactical aeromedical evacuation is presented. it utilizes existing aircraft systems and can be built in minutes using little more than plastic tubing. the concept could also be extended to other aircraft.
during the process of oncogenic transformation, melanoma cells escape from normal growth-control mechanisms and acquire the ability to invade surrounding tissues and organs. the ras/raf/mek/erk pathway is a major pathway involved in the control of growth signals, cell survival and invasion. melanomas are known to harbour activating mutations of both ras and braf, suggesting that the downstream effector erk may be playing a major role in the oncogenic behaviour of these tumours. the past few years have seen a growth in the understanding of the role of erk and the map kinase pathway in melanoma. the aim of the current review is to assess the role of erk in melanoma behaviour and to determine whether modulation of these kinases could offer new therapeutic opportunities.
the details of the associations of the abca1 rs2066714 polymorphism with lipid levels are listed in table 3. the analyses on all comparisons showed that the carriers of the variant g allele had higher levels of tc [smd = 0.13, 95% ci = (0.04, 0.21), p <.01] and hdl-c [smd = 0.10, 95% ci = (0.02, 0.18), p = .02] than the non-carriers (table 3, supplementary s5 and s6 fig). there were no significant differences detected in tg and ldl-c levels between the genotypes (table 3, supplementary s7 and s8 fig). when the analyses were limited to the studies in hwe, the associations of the rs2066714 polymorphism with high levels of tc [smd = 0.13, 95% ci = (0.04, 0.22), p <.01] and hdl-c [smd = 0.09, 95% ci = (0.00, 0.18), p = .03] were also detected.
clathrin and ha2 adaptors: effects of potassium depletion, hypertonic medium, and cytosol acidification.
clin epigeneticsclin epigeneticsclinical epigenetics1868-70751868-7083biomed central london 58910.1186/s13148-018-0589-6researchhdac is indispensable for ifn-γ-induced b7-h1 expression in gastric cancer deng rui 12zhang peng 1liu weizhen 1zeng xiangyu 1ma xianxiong 1shi liang 1wang tao 1yin yuping 1chang weilong 2zhang pei 1wang guobin 1http://orcid.org/0000-0002-7723-6121tao kaixiong kaixiongtao@hust.edu.cn 11 0000 0004 0368 7223grid.33199.31department of gastrointestinal surgery, union hospital, tongji medical college, huazhong university of science and technology, wuhan, 430022 china 2 grid.412633.1department of general surgery, the first affiliated hospital of zhengzhou university, zhengzhou, 450000 china 11 12 2018 11 12 2018 2018 10 15325 5 2018 21 11 2018 © the author(s). 2018open accessthis article is distributed under the terms of the creative commons attribution 4.0 international license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the creative commons license, and indicate if changes were made. the creative commons public domain dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.background
thiamine pyrophosphate is a cofactor that is present in all living systems, in which it catalyzes several biochemical reactions.
[value of diffusion weighted imaging (dwi) in evaluating early response to neoadjuvant chemotherapy in locally advanced breast cancer].
increased amounts of hmg-coa reductase induce "karmellae": a proliferation of stacked membrane pairs surrounding the yeast nucleus.
tick-borne encephalitis virus (tbev) is a leading cause of vector-borne viral encephalitis with expanding endemic regions across europe. in this study we tested in mice the efficacy of preinfection with a closely related low-virulent flavivirus, langat virus (lgtv strain tp21), or a naturally avirulent tbev strain (tbev-280) in providing protection against lethal infection with the highly virulent tbev strain (referred to as tbev-hypr). we show that prior infection with tp21 or tbev-280 is efficient in protecting mice from lethal tbev-hypr challenge. histopathological analysis of brains from nonimmunized mice revealed neuronal tbev infection and necrosis. neuroinflammation, gliosis, and neuronal necrosis was however also observed in some of the tp21 and tbev-280 preinfected mice although at reduced frequency as compared to the nonimmunized tbev-hypr infected mice. qpcr detected the presence of viral rna in the cns of both tp21 and tbev-280 immunized mice after tbev-hypr challenge, but significantly reduced compared to mock-immunized mice. our results indicate that although tbev-hypr infection is effectively controlled in the periphery upon immunization with low-virulent lgtv or naturally avirulent tbev 280, it may still enter the cns of these animals. these findings contribute to our understanding of causes for vaccine failure in individuals vaccinated with tbe vaccines.
although the overall risk of cancer in down syndrome is not changed, the risk of testicular cancer and certain blood cancers, including acute lymphoblastic leukemia (all) and acute megakaryoblastic leukemia (amkl) is increased while the risk of other non-blood cancers is decreased.
the diagnosis of asthma in children under five years has been controversial due to changing concepts of what true asthma is in this age group. previous diagnostic algorithms that used clinical indices to predict the persistence of asthma symptoms or phenotypes based on asthma triggers do not predict which children will benefit from asthma medication. a pragmatic approach to asthma diagnosis in this age group is based on identifying signs and symptoms of reversible airflow obstruction and documenting their response to asthma medication. hopefully, this approach will provide clearer guidance to clinicians and improve asthma morbidity in these young children.
comparing undergraduate student nurses' understanding of sustainability in two countries: a mixed method study.
hollow mesoporous carbon nanospheres for imaging-guided light-activated synergistic thermo-chemotherapy.
lutein modulates transcription dysregulation of adhesion molecules and spermatogenesis transcription factors induced by testicular ischemia reperfusion injury: it could be safe.
ed trials, abramson et al reported that immunotherapy decreased asthma symptoms and the need for medication.another study showed improved pefr and decreased use of medications in a highly selected gro
in simulations involving selection of action intensity, the time represented by the valuation system was divided into intervals of i=0.2. the stimulus was presented at time t=1, while the reward was given at time t=2, thus the valuation system represented the value of 5 time intervals (i.e. vectors w-, s-v and e- had 5 elements each). the parameters controlling retention of eligibility trace was set to λ=0.9. the state provided to the actor was equal to s=1 from time t=1 onwards. we assumed that the intensity of action executed by the agent was equal to the inferred action intensity plus motor noise with standard deviation σa=1 (this random number was added to action intensity at time t=2). during intervals in which rewards were provided (from t=2 onwards) the parameters were continuously updated according to equations 6.8-9. in simulations the learning rates were set to: αv=0.5, αg=0.05, αh=0.02, ασg=0.05, ασh=0.1. the time constants were set to: τ=0.05, τδ=0.02, and the differential equations were solved numerically using euler method with integration step 0.001. the model parameters were initialized to: vi=q=0.1, h=0, σg=1 and σh=100.
60. ministry of health malaysia  clinical practice guidelines. management of type 2 diabetes mellitus 2015 5 putrajaya technology, health section, assessment division, medical development
in support of the theory that postpartum depression may be related to modern diets, the authors find that rates of postpartum depression are lower in countries that consume higher amounts of seafood, which contain high levels of omega-3 fatty acids.
coronavirus disease (covid-19)-related disseminated leukoencephalopathy: a retrospective study of findings on brain mri.
nadph oxidase (nox) enzymes are involved in a various physiological and pathological processes such as platelet activation and inflammation. interestingly, we found that the pan-nox inhibitors vas compounds (vas2870 and its analog vas3947) exerted a highly potent antiplatelet effect. unlike vas compounds, concurrent inhibition of nox1, 2, and 4 by treatment with ml171, gsk2795039, and gkt136901/gkt137831 did not affect thrombin and u46619-induced platelet aggregation. these findings suggest that vas compounds may inhibit platelet aggregation via a nox-independent manner. thus, we aimed to investigate the detailed antiplatelet mechanisms of vas compounds. the data revealed that vas compounds blocked various agonist-induced platelet aggregation, possibly via blocking pkc downstream signaling, including ikkβ and p38 mapk, eventually reducing platelet granule release, calcium mobilization, and gpiibiiia activation. in addition, vas compounds inhibited mouse platelet aggregation-induced by collagen and thrombin. the in vivo study also showed that vas compounds delayed thrombus formation without affecting normal hemostasis. this study is the first to demonstrate that, in addition to inhibiting nox activity, vas compounds reduced platelet activation and thrombus formation through a nox-independent pathway downstream of pkc. these findings also indicate that vas compounds may be safe and potentially therapeutic agents for treating patients with cardiovascular diseases.
64 liu j.  luo c.  liu y.  sellmyer d.   high energy products in rapidly annealed nanoscale fe/pt multilayers appl. phys. lett. 72 1998 483 485
comparison of wound closure techniques in median sternotomy scars in children: subcuticular suture versus steri-strip™ s.
ad-lib access to food (10 day average). (b) food restricted to 3-h/day, beginning 6 h after lights on, for 3 weeks (last 10 day average). (c) day 2 of total food deprivation after 3 weeks of restricted daytime feeding. (d) food restricted to 3-h/day for 3 weeks, after a month in constant light with food ad-lib, to eliminate the light-entrainable, free-running rhythm controlled by the scn (a reversible scn “lesion” procedure). (e) food restricted to 2-h/day in constant light, delivered every 18 h, illustrating failure of rats to anticipate a daily meal at regular but non-circadian intervals. mealtime is denoted by green shading and vertical bars. activity was measured by motion sensors, and plotted as average counts per minute, in 10 min bins.
109. nagase m.   role of rac1 gtpase in salt-sensitive hypertension curr. opin. nephrol. hypertens. 2013 22 148 155 10.1097/mnh.0b013e32835d0751 23377658
a randomised controlled trial of educational counselling on the management of women who have suffered suboptimal outcomes in pregnancy.
ginkgo biloba  extract: mechanisms and clinical indications archives of physical medicine and rehabilitation  2000 81 5 668 678 2-s2.0-0034094018 10807109
this research was supported by a grant (08k1401-00210) from the center for nanoscale mechatronics & manufacturing, one of the 21st century frontier research programs, and the nano r&d program (grant 2008-02773) supported by the ministry of education, science and technology of korea.
stimuli were presented to subjects binocularly on an acer m715 computer located at a 57-cm viewing distance. stimuli were generated by the e-prime program and projected centrally on a 33.3×20.7 cm monitor (resolution of 1280×1024 pixels). the refresh rate was set at 60 hz, and the luminance of the background was 13.34 cd/m2. the study was composed of three separate experiments, the details of which are described in turn.
iron/ascorbate-induced lipid peroxidation changes membrane fluidity and muscarinic cholinergic receptor binding in rat frontal cortex.
low-dose hydralazine improves endotoxin-induced coagulopathy and multiple organ dysfunction via its anti-inflammatory and anti-oxidative/nitrosative properties.
report of four simultaneous pancreas-kidney transplants in hiv-positive recipients with favorable outcomes.
tablet needs to be initiated 4 months prior to the season for the specific allergen. a second sl immunotherapy for timothy grass (grastek) was also approved in april 2014 for adults and children aged
other vegetables (e.g., turnip, celery cabbage, cabbage and potato)	2 (7)	2 (7)	0.284	4 (1)	3 (2)	<0.001
ldren aged 5-65 years. results showed a 23% improvement of symptoms in the entire grass pollen season. a third sl immunotherapy for ragweed (ragwitek) was also approved in april 2014 for adults aged 1
[surgical treatment of unroofed coronary sinus coexisting with paroxysmal atrial fibrillation; diagnosis by multidetector computed tomography; report of a case].
the adaptor protein p140cap/snip is a novel src-binding protein that regulates src activation through c-terminal src kinase (csk). here, by gain and loss of function approaches in breast and colon cancer cells, we report that p140cap immobilizes e-cadherin at the cell membrane and inhibits egfr and erk1/2 signalling, blocking scatter and proliferation of cancer cells. p140cap-dependent regulation of e-cadherin/egfr cross-talk and cell motility is due to the inhibition of src kinase. however, rescue of src activity is not sufficient to restore erk1/2 phosphorylation and proliferation. indeed, p140cap also impairs erk1/2 phosphorylation by affecting ras activity, downstream to the egfr. in conclusion, p140cap stabilizes adherens junctions and inhibits egfr and ras signalling through the dual control of both src and ras activities, thus affecting crucial cancer properties such as invasion and growth. interestingly, p140cap expression is lost in more aggressive human breast cancers, showing an inverse correlation with egfr expression. therefore, p140cap mechanistically behaves as a tumour suppressor that inhibits signalling pathways leading to aggressive phenotypes.
bourassa p, bagheri h, pineyro g, grandbois m, gendron l (2014) label-free monitoring of μ opioid receptor-mediated signaling. mol pharmacol
using templated agarose scaffolds to promote axon regeneration through sites of spinal cord injury.
serum protein-bound iodine and serum lipid changes in the thyroidectomized, hypophysectomized, castrated and adrenalectomized baboon (papio ursinus).
the significance of the pd-l1 expression in non-small-cell lung cancer: trenchant double swords as predictive and prognostic markers.
the first is achieved by three different procedures: dilution under stirring of internal phase (oil + surfactant) with water; dilution of an external phase (water + surfactant) with oil; and mixing together all the components in the final system. thus the surfactant/s have to be dissolved in the first phase added (the one that is diluted) or in both. although in the literature all these three approaches are reported, according to the authors’ experience, in the case of eos mes, the “water dilution under stirring of internal phase” procedure is the most suitable one. the low-energy emulsification methods are by far, the most commonly used.
a multicenter randomized study comparing 5-fluorouracil continuous infusion (ci) plus 1-hexylcarbamoyl-5-fluorouracil and 5-fu ci alone in colorectal cancer.
figure 8 overall survival (os) after liver surgery for patients with combined low (green color dotted line) vs. high (red color) preoperative kras pfa and cea levels (cut-off 3.33% and 4.9 µg/l, resp.).
xiith international karlsburg symposium on problems of diabetes. june 17-19, 1986. aetiopathogenesis of type 1 diabetes. selected papers.
p27−/− knockout phenotype show an overproduction of cells because cyclin d is not inhibited anymore, while p27−/− and cyclin d−/− knockouts develop normally.
(1994 ) comparison of probability of stroke between the copenhagen city heart study and the framingham study . stroke
the purpose of the study was to evaluate the influence of hyperoxia and hypercapnia on respiration and metabolism during a steady-state exercise. thirteen healthy subjects were examined during bicycle-ergometer rides at approximately 50% vo2max under four different breathing gas conditions: 1) room air (control); 2) 40% oxygen; 3) 3% carbon dioxide; 4) 40% oxygen and 3% carbon dioxide. hyperoxia, with or without hypercapnia, decreased respiratory ventilation and carbon dioxide elimination significantly. on the other hand, oxygen uptake in hyperoxia was not significantly different from that of normoxia. hypercapnia increased respiratory ventilation more than 30% compared to normocapnia, but it did not change oxygen uptake and carbon dioxide elimination significantly.
da-approved, for allergic rhinitis. multiple phase 3 trials show that, compared with placebo injections, treatment is associated with larger median inhaled steroid dose reduction (83% vs 50%), a highe
microbial community composition and metabolic functions in landfill leachate from different landfills of china.
biomedical devices employed in therapy, diagnostics and for self-monitoring often require a high degree of flexibility and compactness. many near infrared (nir) optical fiber-coupled systems meet these requirements and are employed on a daily basis. however, mid-infrared (mir) fibers-based systems have not yet found their way to routine application in medicine. in this work we present the implementation of the first mir fiber-coupled photoacoustic sensor for the investigation of condensed samples in the mir fingerprint region. the light of an external-cavity quantum-cascade laser (1010-1095 cm(-1)) is delivered by a silver halide fiber, which is attached to the pa cell. the pa chamber is conically shaped to perfectly match the beam escaping the fiber and to minimize the cell volume. this results in a compact and handy sensor for investigations of biological samples and the monitoring of constituents both in vitro and in vivo. the performance of the fiber-coupled pa sensor is demonstrated by sensing glucose in aqueous solutions. these measurements yield a detection limit of 57 mg/dl (snr = 1). furthermore, the fiber-coupled sensor has been applied to record human skin spectra at different body sites to illustrate its flexibility.
it stains the trophozoite "trichomonas vaginalis", which presents with greenish discharge and motile cells on wet prep.
the results of this study may be of use as reference data on haps of poker-chip venus and corbicula clam. further studies are needed to understand the amino acid sequences and conjugation of hap and their subunits.
sulfonylureas suppress the stimulatory action of mg-nucleotides on kir6.2/sur1 but not kir6.2/sur2a katp channels: a mechanistic study . j. gen. physiol.
microneedle-assisted permeation of lidocaine carboxymethylcellulose with gelatine co-polymer hydrogel.
measurement of intact parathyroid hormone (pth) is important to distinguish pth-mediated from non-pth-mediated causes of hypercalcemia. a frankly elevated pth concentration or a pth value in the upper half of the normal range in the setting of hypercalcemia is likely the result of primary hyperparathyroidism. (see "primary hyperparathyroidism: diagnosis, differential diagnosis, and evaluation".)●
registration trials raised a question of increased risk of malignancy, but this has not been seen in the postmarketing data. cardiovascular risks are also under investigation. the excels trial (evalua
the protons in aromatic compounds are shifted downfield even further with a signal for benzene at 7.73 ppm as a consequence of a diamagnetic ring current.
the electrical and optoelectronic properties of nanometer-sized zno structures are highly influenced by its native point defects. understanding and controlling these defects are essential for the development of high-performance zno-based devices. here, an electrical device consisting of a polycrystalline zno-coated silica nanospring was fabricated and used to characterize the electrical and photoconductive properties of the zno layer using near-uv (405 nm) and sub-bandgap (532 and 633 nm) excitation sources. we observe a photocurrent response with all three wavelengths and notably with 532 nm green illumination, which is the energy associated with deep oxygen vacancies. the polycrystalline zno-coated silica nanospring exhibits a high responsivity of 1740 a w
the datasets generated for this study can be found in the european nucleotide archiveprjeb25401 [https://www.ebi.ac.uk/ena/data/search?query=prjeb25401]; named as “long-read sequencing dataset of varicella zoster virus.”
in contrast to the degradation of penta- and hexachlorobiphenyls in chemostat cultures, the metabolism of pcbs by alcaligenes sp. jb1 was shown to be restricted to pcbs with up to four chlorine substituents in resting-cell assays. among these, the pcb congeners containing ortho chlorine substituents on both phenyl rings were found to be least degraded. monochloro-benzoates and dichlorobenzoates were detected as metabolites. resting cell assays with chlorobenzoates showed that jb1 could metabolize all three monochlorobenzoates and dichlorobenzoates containing only meta and para chlorine substituents, but not dichlorobenzoates possessing an ortho chlorine substituent. in enzyme activity assays, meta cleaving 2,3-dihydroxybiphenyl 1,2-dioxygenase and catechol 2,3-dioxygenase activities were constitutive, whereas benzoate dioxygenase and ortho cleaving catechol 1,2-dioxygenase activities were induced by their substrates. no activity was found for pyrocatechase ii, the enzyme that is specific for chlorocatechols. the data suggest that complete mineralization of pcbs with three or more chlorine substituents by alcaligenes sp. jb1 is unlikely.
in this study we think there were limitations, for example, in the sampling of strains from some provinces. we collected clinical positive acid-fast strains that were isolated from sputum samples of clinically diagnosed tb patients in each province. but for some reasons, such as china being very big and different provinces' conditions, there were significant differences among the clinical isolates collected from different provinces (table 1). though the strain data had no representativeness of the samples in china, it still could preliminarily provide some basic scientific data in the different species and distribution of ntm related to pulmonary disease and some new ntm species associated to pulmonary disease. and, a lot of work still needs to be done in the future.
refining hiv risk: the modifying effects of youth, gender and education among people who inject drugs in poland.
teicoplanin, which is not available in the united states, is a newer glycopeptide antimicrobial with structural similarity to vancomycin, equivalent efficacy in treating invasive beta-lactam-resistant, gram-positive infections but with apparently lower rates of adverse events, particularly nephrotoxicity and "red man syndrome" (rms) [52,85-87]. there is only limited information about the safety of teicoplanin in patients with a previous hypersensitivity reaction to vancomycin:●
[treatment of open middle and lower tibial fractures with bridge link combined fixation system external by means of external fixation].
to determine if histamine acts directly on the vascular endothelium, the effect of histamine on the permeability of cultured human endothelial cell monolayers and the role of second messengers were examined. the addition of 10(-6) to 10(-4) m histamine to the culture medium decreased the endothelial cell monolayer permeability and increased both cyclic amp and free-calcium levels. the decrease in permeability and the increase in cyclic amp mediated by histamine were prevented by an h2-blocker (famotidine) while the increase in free-calcium was inhibited by an h1-blocker (diphenhydramine). these results suggest that histamine decreases the permeability of endothelial cell monolayers through the h2-receptor, and cyclic amp plays a more important role than calcium ion as a second messenger.
purpose to develop an electrocorticography (ecog) grid by using deposition of conductive nanoparticles in a polymer thick film on an organic substrate (ptfos) that induces minimal, if any, artifacts on computed tomographic (ct) and magnetic resonance (mr) images and is safe in terms of tissue reactivity and mr heating. materials and methods all procedures were approved by the animal care and use committee and complied with the public health services guide for the care and use of animals. electrical functioning of ptfos for cortical recording and stimulation was tested in two mice. ptfos disks were implanted in two mice; after 30 days, the tissues surrounding the implants were harvested, and tissue injury was studied by using immunostaining. five neurosurgeons rated mechanical properties of ptfos compared with conventional grids by using a three-level likert scale. temperature increases during 30 minutes of 3-t mr imaging were measured in a head phantom with no grid, a conventional grid, and a ptfos grid. two neuroradiologists rated artifacts on ct and mr images of a cadaveric head specimen with no grid, a conventional grid, and a ptfos grid by using a four-level likert scale, and the mean ratings were compared between grids. results oscillatory local field potentials were captured with cortical recordings. cortical stimulations in motor cortex elicited muscle contractions. ptfos implants caused no adverse tissue reaction. mechanical properties were rated superior to conventional grids (χ(2) test, p < .05). the temperature increase during mr imaging for the three cases of no grid, ptfos grid, and conventional grid was 3.84°c, 4.05°c, and 10.13°c, respectively. ptfos induced no appreciable artifacts on ct and mr images, and ptfos image quality was rated significantly higher than that with conventional grids (two-tailed t test, p < .05). conclusion ptfos grids may be an attractive alternative to conventional ecog grids with regard to mechanical properties, 3-t mr heating profile, and ct and mr imaging artifacts. (©) rsna, 2016 online supplemental material is available for this article.
the dysphagia study group of the regional hospital of treviso uses a multidisciplinary approach to assess patients with oro-pharyngeal dysphagia. from 1996 to 2000, 208 patients with functional dysphagia were studied by the group. dysphagia was due to neurological disease in more than 50% of patients, to surgery in 25% and to a functional disease in 17%. in patients less than 20 years old the aetiology was due to the aftermath of traumas; in patients aged from 20 to 45 years the cause was a functional disease or achalasia, while in the majority of the older patients, aged over 45, had cerebral ischaemic lesions. the majority of patients (78%) were submitted to rehabilitation, 9.5% to medical treatment and 2.8% to surgery. oro-pharyngeal dysphagia calls for a multidisciplinary approach in qualified centers with specialized facilities.
ue) >2 days per week some limitation in normal activity fev 1 or peak flow >60-80% predicted/personal best validated questionnaire scores ataq 1-2, acq ≥1.50, act 16-19 two or more exacerbations requi
ring oral systemic corticosteroids per year recommended actions when asthma has not been well controlled include stepping up 1 step, reevaluating the patient in 2-6 weeks, and considering alternative
complete replacement of membrane cholesterol with 4,4',14-trimethyl sterols in a human t cell line defective in lanosterol demethylation.
the sequential development of two connective tissue diseases in the same patient has been rarely reported. we describe 2 juvenile patients, a 15-year-old girl who, after having juvenile rheumatoid arthritis (jra) for a 7-year period presented with clearly defined features of systemic lupus erythematosus with diffuse proliferative glomerulonephritis. the 2nd case, a 9-year-old boy developed erosive polyarticular jra after having had a clear picture of dermatomyositis in infancy. in both cases there was a lengthy disease free period between the 2 diseases.
all 2,160 denv-1 envelope sequences available in the hemorrhagic fever viruses (hfv) database (http://hfv.lanl.gov) were downloaded and aligned, using clustalx2.1 [20], with the 39 lao denv-1 envelope sequences obtained in this study. a neighbour-joining tree was constructed using mega 5.05 software with kimura-2 model [21]. reliability of nodes was assessed by bootstrap resampling with 500 replicates. another tree using the maximun likelihood method was constructed using the same alignment.
ks, and considering alternative treatment options if adverse effects occur with therapy. in 2-6 weeks, in poorly controlled cases, evaluate the level of asthma control that has been achieved and adjus
we present a highly sensitive detection method using electro-optically (eo) tunable waveguide coupled surface plasmon resonance (wcspr) sensors by theoretical simulation. in this method, light is focused through a prism onto metal surface of the wcspr sensor and the reflection is collected with a bicell photodetector. time varied scanning dc electrical signal is applied on the waveguide layer of the wcspr sensor and the ratio of the differential signal to the sum signal of the photodetector is calculated after each change. for each analyte, we get voltage-ratio curve after voltage scanning. taking the ratio for a reference analyte calculated with null dc voltage applied as resonant ratio, different resonant voltages can be found in the voltage-ratio curves for different analytes. theoretical simulation shows a high linearity between the resonant voltages and the refractive index (ri) of analytes. a sensitivity as high as 2.34 x 10(5) v/riu can be expected in this method.
effects of cadmium on life-cycle parameters in a multi-generation study with chironomus riparius following a pre-exposure of populations to two different tributyltin concentrations for several generations.
30. masi ln    regulation of gene expression by exercise-related micrornas cell physiol biochem 2016 39 2381 2397 10.1159/000452507 27832652
membranes from rat cerebellum or hippocampus were photolabeled by [3h]flunitrazepam and incubated with various endoglycosidases. the largest reduction in apparent molecular weight of photolabeled proteins p51 (mol. wt. 51,000) and p55 (mol. wt. 55,000) was obtained using endoglycosidase f or glycopeptidase f. however, even after extensive treatment with these enzymes the deglycosylated products of proteins p51 (apparent mol. wt. 44,000) and p55 (two peptides with apparent mol. wt. 48,000 and 51,000) still differed in their apparent molecular weight. this might indicate that structural features other than n-linked carbohydrates are responsible for the difference in apparent molecular weight of these proteins.
neuroimaging studies suggest that developmental improvements in inhibitory control are primarily supported by changes in prefrontal executive function. however, studies are contradictory with respect to how activation in prefrontal regions changes with age, and they have yet to analyze longitudinal data using growth curve modeling, which allows characterization of dynamic processes of developmental change, individual differences in growth trajectories, and variables that predict any interindividual variability in trajectories. in this study, we present growth curves modeled from longitudinal fmri data collected over 302 visits (across ages 9 to 26 years) from 123 human participants. brain regions within circuits known to support motor response control, executive control, and error processing (i.e., aspects of inhibitory control) were investigated. findings revealed distinct developmental trajectories for regions within each circuit and indicated that a hierarchical pattern of maturation of brain activation supports the gradual emergence of adult-like inhibitory control. mean growth curves of activation in motor response control regions revealed no changes with age, although interindividual variability decreased with development, indicating equifinality with maturity. activation in certain executive control regions decreased with age until adolescence, and variability was stable across development. error-processing activation in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex showed continued increases into adulthood and no significant interindividual variability across development, and was uniquely associated with task performance. these findings provide evidence that continued maturation of error-processing abilities supports the protracted development of inhibitory control over adolescence, while motor response control regions provide early-maturing foundational capacities and suggest that some executive control regions may buttress immature networks as error processing continues to mature.
[characteristics of the formation of conditioned responses in the isolated lpa3 neuron of the edible snail].
31. bleakley a  boyden j  hobbs a  walsh l  allard j   improving teamwork climate in operating theatres: the shift from multiprofesisonalism to interprofessionalism j interprof care 2006 20 5 461 470 10.1080/13561820600921915 17000472
isolated rabbit thoracic aorta which is pharmacologically contracted will relax when exposed to ultraviolet light. the relaxation is reversible in that the tension is restored when the light source is removed. the purpose of this investigation was to study further the phenomenon of photorelaxation on vascular smooth muscle. restoration kinetics were examined for two cases: 1) norepinephrine alone 2) norepinephrine plus phenoxylbenzamine. the photo-induced relaxation in the presence of the irreversible blocker phenoxybenzamine produced a more rapid restoration than the photo-induced relaxation in strips contracted with norepinephrine alone. angiotensin, which is not blocked by phenoxybenzamine, produced no change in the restoration characteristics of a perturbation on the angiotensin-induced contractions. strips treated with glycerin, a process which removes storage sites for ca++, are responsive to exogenous administration of ca++ but demonstrate no photorelaxation. these results lend supportive evidence to the hypothesis that ultraviolet radiation interferes with the drug-receptor complex.
the impact of highly active antiretroviral therapy on the incidence and outcomes of aids-defining cancers in southern alberta.
11 littlefield p   structural analysis of the egfr/her3 heterodimer reveals the molecular basis for activating her3 mutations sci signal 7 354 2014 ra114 25468994
phloroglucinol attenuates motor functional deficits in an animal model of parkinson's disease by enhancing nrf2 activity.
27. crosland a  jones r   rectal bleeding: prevalence and consultation behaviour bmj 1995 311 486 488 10.1136/bmj.311.7003.486 7647645
132 venken k elewaut d  . new immune cells in spondyloarthritis: key players or innocent bystanders?
all measurements were averaged across the 100 simulations; standard deviations are reported in parenthesis. number of selected genes and number of false positives divided by the number of selected genes, obtained by applying the 3 methods on simulated data (setting α in correspondence to a desired fdr of 0.05).
xposures and assess compliance with avoidance measures. according to a randomized, controlled evaluation of community health worker intervention with african american children hospitalized for asthma,
the presence of an asthma coach can reduce hospitalization.  treatment concerns   patients dependent on oral glucocorticoids  these individuals should be referred to a specialist. the goal is the low
clostridium botulinum neurotoxin (bont) is the most toxic substance known to mankind and no therapeutic intervention is currently available for post-exposure treatment. bonts block the neurotransmitter release leading to botulism, a fatal disease. different strains of c. botulinum produce seven serologically distinct neurotoxins, labeled a to g, which share significant sequence homology and structural folding1. when food contaminated with bonts is ingested the toxin passes through the gastrointestinal tract, transcytosed from gut lumen into general blood circulation, binds to the presynaptic membrane of the neuronal cells and then is internalized by receptor-mediated endocytosis into nerve cells. it is then translocated by an energy and ph-dependent mechanism into the cytosol where it cleaves its target, one of the three proteins forming snare complex responsible for vesicle fusion and docking, blocking the release of neurotransmitters thereby causing muscular paralysis and eventual death23.
this paper is organized as follows: in sect. 2, we recall the spectral densities of the qcd correlation functions relevant for our ld sum-rule analysis. in sect. 3, we study the mq- and mq-dependences of the effective thresholds by making use of an appropriate mass scheme (pole mass and running mass) for the heavy quarks. in sect. 4, we perform the numerical analysis of the decay constants of heavy–light pseudoscalar and vector mesons and obtain predictions for strong ib effects in the decay constants. section 5 gives our conclusions. the appendix collects some details of treating the ib effects within the ope, which, in our opinion, deserve to be presented.
scoliosis is the most common pediatric musculoskeletal disorder, with ~0.3% of children having scoliosis with a spinal curvature of >20° (cobb angle) requiring treatment1, and more than 1 in 10,000 children developing severe spine deformity requiring surgery2. the majority of scoliosis is considered idiopathic with onset in adolescence, while other cases occur as a consequence of disorders such as marfan syndrome, cerebral palsy, or muscular dystrophy3 that have distinguishing features in addition to scoliosis. while the etiology of adolescent idiopathic scoliosis (ais) is not well understood, recent genome-wide association studies have identified common variants near neural cell adhesion molecules4, ladybird homeobox 1 (lbx1)5, g-protein-coupled receptor 126 (gpr126)6, and the transcription factor bnc27 that are modestly associated with ais. additionally, we recently demonstrated the collective impact of rare genetic variants in several extracellular matrix genes (fbn1, fbn2, and musculoskeletal collagen genes)8–10 on ais risk. however, a vast majority of the heritability of ais remains unexplained.
assessment of outcomes associated with the use of newly approved oncology drugs in medicare beneficiaries.
in this study, we try to determine the existence of os in cases with te by researching thiol/disulfide balance. while comparing native thiol, total thiol and disulfide values and disulfide/native thiol, disulfide/total thiol and native thiol/total thiol rates of patients with the control group, we determined that native thiol, total thiol, and disulfide values do not change in te. there is a balance between sh and s-s ligaments in the structure of hair proteins. if the disulfide ligaments are damaged, hair shall be thinned, but it shall not splinter as long as there are salt bridges. the contrary is also true. if salt bridges are damaged, as long as disulfide ligaments are there, hair shall not be splintered. however, at ph 12, disulfide ligaments shall be broken and hair shall be dissolved.[1]
the ability of 17 strains of genus epidermophyton (15 strains belonging to epidermophyton floccosum, one to e. floccosum var. nigricans and one to e. stockdaleae) to grow at different temperatures (4 degrees c, 25 degrees c, 28 degrees c, 31 degrees c, 34 degrees c, 37 degrees c and 40 degrees c) was stated. the strains were inoculated on sabouraud dextrose agar and regularly controled over a period of 14 days when the plates were incubated at 25 degrees c, 28 degrees c, 31 degrees c, 34 degrees c, 37 degrees c and 40 degrees c, and over a period of 70 days when the temperature was 4 degrees c. the optimal growth of e. floccosum was observed at 28 degrees c and 31 degrees c, and no signs of growth were recorded neither at 4 degrees c nor at 40 degrees c. the optimal development of e. stockdaleae was observed at 25 degrees c and 28 degrees c. this species grew from 4 degrees c to 31 degrees c.
there is a growing interest in virtual tools to assist clinicians in evaluating different procedures and devices for endovascular treatment. in the present study we use finite element analysis to investigate the influence of stent design and vessel geometry for stent assisted coiling of intracranial aneurysms. nine virtual stenting procedures were performed: three nitinol stent designs ((i) an open cell stent resembling the neuroform, (ii) a generic stiff and (iii) a more flexible closed cell design), were deployed in three patient-specific cerebral aneurysmatic vessels. we investigated the percentage of strut area covering the aneurysm neck, the straightening induced on the cerebrovasculature by the stent placement (quantified by the reduction in tortuosity), and stent apposition to the wall (quantified as the percentage of struts within 0.2mm of the vessel). the results suggest that the open cell design better covers the aneurysm neck (11.0±1.1%) compared to both the stiff (7.8±1.6%) and flexible (8.7±1.6%) closed cell stents, and induces less straightening of the vessel (-5.1±1.6% vs. -42.9±9.8% and -26.9±11.9% ). the open cell design has, however, less struts apposing well to the vessel wall (56.0±6.4%) compared to the flexible (73.4±4.6%) and stiff (70.4±5.1%) closed cell design. with the presented study, we hope to contribute to and improve aneurysm treatment, using a novel patient specific environment as a possible pre-operative tool to evaluate mechanical stent behavior in different vascular geometries.
42 feng z  liu l  zhang c  zheng t  wang j  lin m  zhao y  wang x  levine aj  hu w  chronic restraint stress attenuates p53 function and promotes tumorigenesis proc. natl. acad. sci 2012 109 7013 7018 22509031
this study examined the bacteriology of dental air-water syringes, and found that the water delivered by these syringes can be persistently contaminated with bacteria. flushing of the water line reduced but did not eliminate this contamination. even after six minutes' flushing, some water samples still contained more than 10(4) viable bacterial cells per milliliter, although coliform counts were less than two per 100 milliliters as measured by a most probable number assay. sterilization of the tip or the entire syringe did not eliminate this contamination. scanning electron microscopy revealed bacterial biofilms on the inner wall of the plastic tubing supplying water to the air-water syringe, but not on the air line or on new, unused tubing. such biofilms probably can be found in any tubing which supplies water to components of dental units. the inoculum for these biofilms comes from ubiquitous environmental aquatic bacteria, some of which can cause disease in compromised patients. biofilms can be held in check by regular flushing of the water lines with a biocide, and the authors affirm the use of the ada guidelines for treatment of contaminated dental-unit water lines to control possible cross-infection.
8. pham mt  rajic a  greig jd  sargeant jm  papadopoulos a  mcewen sa   a scoping review of scoping reviews: advancing the approach and enhancing the consistency res synth methods 2014 5 371 85 10.1002/jrsm.1123 26052958
comparison of venlafaxine and imipramine in the acute treatment of major depression in outpatients.
the cellular localization of carbonic anhydrase (cah) in the carotid body of the rat was investigated by means of hansson's cobalt-precipitation technique in cultures of dissociated cells. in both young (2-day-old) and old (77-day-old) cultures, the parenchymal glomus (type-i) cells were selectively stained by this technique, and in addition expressed tyrosine hydroxylase and neuron-specific enolase as revealed by immunofluorescence. enzymic reaction product of cah appeared to be predominantly intracellular since staining was more intense and occurred more rapidly following permeabilization of the cell membranes with triton x-100; its formation was inhibited by the cah-inhibitor acetazolamide (1-10 microm) or by increasing the ph from 5.8 to 7.5. cryostat sections of the carotid bifurcation revealed intense cah-reaction product in cell clusters of the carotid body, in a few cells of the nodose ganglion, and in red blood cells. neuronal cell bodies of the petrosal ganglion and superior cervical ganglion (scg) were largely non-reactive. the scg is known to contain clusters of small intensely fluorescent (sif) cells, which were also non-reactive when grown in dissociated cell culture. thus, although glomus and sif cells are often considered to be similar cell types, functional cah-activity appears unique to glomus cells, and this may be important for the physiological response of the carotid body to certain chemosensory stimuli.
23. yasmin s.  eluru n.   a joint econometric framework for modeling crash counts by severity transp. a transp. sci. 2018 14 230 255 10.1080/23249935.2017.1369469
the vertebrate retina projects topographically to visual brain centres. in the developing visual system, gradients of ephrins and eph receptors play a role in defining topography. at maturity, ephrins but not ephs are downregulated. here we show that optic nerve section in adult rat differentially regulates the expression of ephrin-a2 in the superior colliculus (sc) and of epha5 in the retina. expression was quantified immunohistochemically; ephrin-a2 levels were also estimated by semiquantitative reverse transcriptase polymerase chain reaction. in the normal sc, ephrin-a2 was expressed at low levels. at 1 month, levels of protein and of mrna were upregulated across the contralateral sc giving rise to an increasing rostro-caudal gradient. at 6 months, levels had fallen but a gradient remained. in the retina of normal animals, epha5 was expressed as an increasing naso-temporal gradient. by 1 month, expression was decreased in far temporal retina, resulting in a uniform expression across the naso-temporal axis. we suggest that denervation-induced plastic changes within the sc modify expression of these molecules.
data are summarized in table 1. indeed, the best polymerization result of an mn of 9.31 kda and a 98.7% yield (table 1, polymer 2c) was achieved when
45. liu g.  leffak m.   instability of (ctg)n*(cag)n trinucleotide repeats and dna synthesis cell biosci. 2012 2 7 20 22369689
applied behavior analysis is the discipline initiated by b. f. skinner that applies the principles of conditioning to the modification of socially significant human behavior.
considering the important role of the internet in health information seeking by consumers, it is critical to examine the health information that is available to them through the internet. this study contributes to existing knowledge by employing a content analysis to examine visual and textual information on prescription medication websites. a stratified random sample was selected from a list of the 100 most-prescribed medications in the united states. findings point to under-utilization of audiovisual components on the homepage of prescription medication websites as well as a lack of racial diversity in people pictured. medications for chronic conditions were more likely to have homepages with a positive emotional tone than those for acute conditions. further, more depictions of women on homepages predicted a greater number of prescriptions filled. this study includes implications for health education and healthcare professionals, patients and the food and drug administration.
growth factors and hormones may play an autocrine/paracrine role in mechanical stress-induced cardiac hypertrophy. using an in vitro model of mechanical stress, i.e. stretch of cardiomyocytes and cardiac fibroblasts, we tested the involvement of growth factors and hormones in this process. we found that conditioned medium (cm) derived from 4 h cyclicly (1 hz) stretched cardiomyocytes increased the rate of protein synthesis in static cardiomyocytes by 8 +/- 3%. moreover, cm derived from 2 h stretched fibroblasts increased the rate of protein synthesis in static fibroblasts as well as in static cardiomyocytes by 8 +/- 2 and 6 +/- 2%, respectively. analysis of cm using size-exclusion hplc showed that cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts released at least three factors with mw < or = 10 kd, their quantities being time-dependently increased by stretch. subsequent analyses using immunoassays revealed that cardiomyocytes released atrial natriuretic peptide (anp) and transforming growth factor-beta1 (tgfbeta1) being increased by 45 +/- 17 and 21 +/- 4% upon 4 h of stretch, respectively. fibroblasts released tgfbeta1 and very low quantity of endothelin-1 (et-1). the release of tgfbeta1 was significantly increased by 18 +/- 4% after 24 h of stretch in fibroblasts. both cell types released no detectable amount of angiotensin ii (ang ii). in conclusion, upon cyclic stretch cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts secrete growth factors and hormones which induce growth responses in cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts in an autocrine/paracrine way. tgfbeta secreted by cardiomyocytes and fibroblasts, and anp secreted by cardiomyocytes are likely candidates. we found no evidence for the involvement of ang ii and et-1 in autocrine/paracrine mechanisms between cardiac cell types.
llergens or passive smoke has been postulated to make outgrowing asthma less likely.  patient education  patients should be informed that upper airway allergic symptoms can be an early warning system
has their son been vaccinated? beliefs about other parents matter for human papillomavirus vaccine.
we examined the use of near-infrared and red radiation (photobiomodulation, pbm) for treating major depressive disorder (mdd). while still experimental, preliminary data on the use of pbm for brain disorders are promising. pbm is low-cost with potential for wide dissemination; further research on pbm is sorely needed. we found clinical and preclinical studies via pubmed search (2015), using the following keywords: "near-infrared radiation," "nir," "low-level light therapy," "low-level laser therapy," or "lllt" plus "depression." we chose clinically focused studies and excluded studies involving near-infrared spectroscopy. in addition, we used pubmed to find articles that examine the link between pbm and relevant biological processes including metabolism, inflammation, oxidative stress, and neurogenesis. studies suggest the processes aforementioned are potentially effective targets for pbm to treat depression. there is also clinical preliminary evidence suggesting the efficacy of pbm in treating mdd, and comorbid anxiety disorders, suicidal ideation, and traumatic brain injury. based on the data collected to date, pbm appears to be a promising treatment for depression that is safe and well-tolerated. however, large randomized controlled trials are still needed to establish the safety and effectiveness of this new treatment for mdd.
vacuolar snares function in the formation of the leaf vascular network by regulating auxin distribution.
investigations of the structure of polyadenylic acid [poly(a)] in yeast have shown that there are two classes of poly(a) distinguished by size and kinetics of synthesis. each class is found directly on the 3' end of messenger rna. one class contains poly(a) molecules ranging from 60 to less than 20 nucleotides long. the longest molecules in this poly(a) class are the first to become labeled when cells are exposed to [3h]adenine. label then appears in progressively smaller molecules. the second class of poly(a) is about 20 nucleotides long. the length homogeneity of this class and the presence in nuclear dna of many copies of a polythymidylate sequence which is the same length suggests that this poly(a) is synthesized by transcription from dna.
all cases were reviewed by the principal investigator and further efforts were made (based on the documented x-ray findings on admission) to classify each case into an appropriate category (cases vs. controls). the approximate 1:5 ratio of the cases to the controls was not intentional but co-incident. a total of 952 patients were included in the control group.
research integrity (ri) is usually discussed in terms of responsibilities that individual researchers bear towards the scientific work they conduct, as well as responsibilities that institutions have to enable those individual researchers to do so. in addition to these two bearers of responsibility, a third category often surfaces, which is variably referred to as culture and practice. these notions merit further development beyond a residual category that is to contain everything that is not covered by attributions to individuals and institutions. this paper discusses how thinking in ri can take benefit from more specific ideas on practice and culture. we start by articulating elements of practice and culture, and explore how values central to ri are related to these elements. these insights help identify additional points of intervention for fostering responsible conduct. this helps to build "cultures and practices of research integrity", as it makes clear that specific times and places are connected to specific practices and cultures and should have a place in the debate on research integrity. with this conceptual framework, practitioners as well as theorists can avoid using the notions as residual categories that de facto amount to vague, additional burdens of responsibility for the individual.
congenital heart disease (chd) is the most common birth defect worldwide. long non-coding rnas (lncrnas) have been implicated in many diseases. however, their involvement in chd is not well understood. this study aimed to investigate the role of dysregulated lncrnas in chd. we used gene expression omnibus data mining, bioinformatics analysis, and analysis of clinical tissue samples and observed that the novel lncrna sap30-2:1 with unknown function was significantly downregulated in damaged cardiac tissues from patients with chd. knockdown of lncrna sap30-2:1 inhibited the proliferation of human embryonic kidney and ac16 cells and decreased the expression of heart and neural crest derivatives expressed 2 (hand2). moreover, lncrna sap30-2:1 was associated with hand2 by rna immunoprecipitation. overall, these results suggest that lncrna sap30-2:1 may be involved in heart development through affecting cell proliferation via targeting hand2 and may thus represent a novel therapeutic target for chd.
motor disorders in cerebral palsy (cp) are often accompanied by disturbances of sensation and impaired somatosensory functions have been reported in individuals with cp. to test the feasibility of a sensorimotor training protocol for lower limbs in children and adolescents with unilateral and bilateral cp, and to analyze the preliminary effects of this training on sensory and motor variables. this is a single-blind, prospective phase i feasibility randomized protocol. a total of twenty participants with uni or bilateral cerebral palsy, gmfcs level i-iii, ages 5 to 20 years will be recruited. the losenset protocol is composed of tactile and proprioceptive activities in a child-friendly format. an original qualitative feedback questionnaire was developed to assess the protocol feasibility. additionally, proprioception, tactile discrimination, postural stability, and gait parameters will be assessed. the losenset protocol can support the implementation of interventions targeting lower limbs somatosensory impairments in individuals with cp.
results. fifty surveys were completed by study participants. three surveys were removed from analysis due to missing data. the mean age of the sample was 44 years (range 24–84). forty-five percent [21] of the sample was female. seventy percent [33] of participants had a diagnosis of cd and 30%  [14] had a diagnosis of uc. the mean bmi was 28 ± 6 kg/m2 and was not significantly different between disease groups (p = 0.79). sixty percent [28] of participants reported feeling less sexually attractive as a result of their disease. thirty-two percent [15] of participants believed diet caused their disease and 83%  [39] believed diet could cause worsening of symptoms. of the total sample, 87%  [41] participated in food avoidance and 55% [26] reported following a special diet to manage ibd symptoms. eight-five percent [40] of participants reported they want more nutritional education. sixty-eight percent [32] were interested in this material being presented on a website and 47%  [22] were interested in a print medium.
biphenotypic sinonasal sarcoma (bsns) is a recently recognized low-grade sarcoma that exhibits both neural and myogenic differentiation. this unique dual phenotype stems from recurrent rearrangements in pax3, a transcription factor that promotes commitment along both lineages. while identification of pax3 rearrangements by fluorescence in situ hybridization (fish) can confirm a bsns diagnosis, this assay is not widely available. this study evaluates whether an expanded immunohistochemical panel can facilitate recognition of bsns without molecular analysis. eleven cases of bsns were identified from the surgical pathology archives of two academic medical centers. in 8 cases, the diagnosis was confirmed by fish using custom probes for pax3. in 3 cases, fish failed but histologic and immunophenotypic findings were diagnostic for bsns. all 11 bsns (100%) were at least focally positive for s100 as well as calponin and/or smooth muscle actin. in addition, 10 (91%) of 11 expressed nuclear β-catenin, 8 (80%) of 10 expressed factor xiiia, 4 (36%) of 11 expressed desmin, and 3 (30%) of 10 expressed myogenin. all 11 tumors were negative for sox10. while no single marker resolves immunohistochemical overlap between bsns and its histologic mimickers such as nerve sheath tumors, an extended immunohistochemical panel that includes β-catenin and sox10 helps to support the diagnosis of bsns without the need for gene rearrangement studies.
in this article, we present a continuation of our work on the refinement of the harmonic force constants fi,k in benzene (in symmetrized whiffen's coordinates) and on a growing number of higher order (anharmonic) force constants, fi,j,k and fi,j,k,l, that are of importance for the benzene isotopomer invariant potential energy surface. the refined set of harmonic and anharmonic force constants improves the agreement between the experimental levels and those calculated theoretically. the emphasis of the present work is on the analysis of the two notable fermi resonances in benzene (nu8 +nnu1 <=> (n +1)nu1 + nu6, where n = 0, 1, ... m, and nu20 <=> nu8 + nu19 <=> nu1 + nu6 + nu19). for this purpose, we have further extended our fully dimensional, fully symmetrized, and nonperturbative vibrational procedure to the vibrational structure of the benzene isotopic species with d6h symmetry.
85% of mgn cases are classified as "primary membranous glomerulonephritis"—that is to say, the cause of the disease is idiopathic (of unknown origin or cause).
(a) experimental design. each plate represents an antibiotic array (identical to those shown in figure 2) from which the bacterial populations growing in either high caz or high amp concentrations (red filled squares) were diluted and used to sequentially seed new antibiotic arrays over a two day course. this gives rise to four selective regimes; two in which selection was held constant (caz→caz and amp→amp) and two with fluctuating selection (caz→amp and amp→caz). (b) dot plot showing the number of colonized environments by each replicate line at the end of the experiment (day two). each dot represents a replicate line, and the symbol denotes the antibiotic treatment. populations that became extinct colonized zero environments. note that the results are grouped by the type of selection regimen. under each panel, the number of surviving replicates is shown together with asterisks denoting statistical significance (* p<0.05, ** p<0.002; χ2 test). raw data of all replicates can be found in the supplementary data 1.
axial oblique views were performed during cineangiography of congenital heart disease on patients of a paediatric cardiological unit for a period of two years. the resulting angle-patterns are shown in a synoptical review, and indications for angiographic demonstration of morphological conditions in congenital heart disease are discussed. in comparison with the literature to date, this is the first report of experience with a biplane synchronised "c" arm cineangiographic system.
nearly every event on earth can be spatially referenced into geographic data. the gis are interactive computer-based applications that map geographic data. it describes the way we study the environment and produces spatial data that is used in a variety of industries, including healthcare and public health. many aspects of health and well-being have spatial dimensions, including health disorders, disease risk factors, health interventions, and health outcomes.
drug-resistance in mycobacterial infections is a major global health problem that leads to high mortality and socioeconomic pressure in developing countries around the world. from finding new targets to discovering novel chemical scaffolds, there is an urgent need for the development of better approaches for the cure of tuberculosis. recently, energy metabolism in mycobacteria, particularly the oxidative phosphorylation pathway of cellular respiration, has emerged as a novel target pathway in drug discovery. new classes of antibacterials which target oxidative phosphorylation pathway either by interacting with a protein or any step in the pathway of oxidative phosphorylation can combat dormant mycobacterial infections leading to shortening of tuberculosis chemotherapy. adenosine triphosphate synthase is one such recently discovered target of the newly approved antitubercular drug bedaquiline. cytochrome bcc is another new target of the antitubercular drug candidate q203, currently in phase ii clinical trial. research suggests that b subunit of cytochrome bcc, qcrb, is the target of q203. the review article describes the structure, function, and importance of targeting qcrb throwing light on all chemical classes of qcrb inhibitors discovered to date. an understanding of the structure and function of validated targets and their inhibitors would enable the development of new chemical entities.
16 oweira h  petrausch u  helbling d  schmidt j  mannhart m  mehrabi a   prognostic value of site-specific metastases in pancreatic adenocarcinoma: a surveillance epidemiology and end results database analysis world j gastroenterol 2017 23 1872 80 28348494
flum dr koepsell t heagerty p sinanan m dellinger ep  common bile duct injury during laparoscopic cholecystectomy and the use of intraoperativ cholangiography. advers outcome or prevetable error? arch surg 2001 136 1287 1292 11695975 10.1001/archsurg.136.11.1287
alexander j  rothenberg m  henry gl  stainier dy   1999 casanova plays an early and essential role in endoderm formation in zebrafish developmental biology 215 343 357 10.1006/dbio.1999.9441 10545242
electromyographic biofeedback therapy on upper extremity function in children with cerebral palsy . effect chin j rehabil theory pract
[age-related dynamics of physical development of schoolchildren with various patterns of motor activity].
the association between dietary protein intake, energy intake and physical frailty: results from the rotterdam study.
25. fone d.r.  horowitz m.  maddox a.  akkermans l.m.  read n.w.  dent j.   gastroduodenal motility during the delayed gastric emptying induced by cold stress gastroenterology 1990 98 1155 1161 10.1016/0016-5085(90)90328-x 2323509
taken together, alpha 4 integrins may influence metastatic process at various stages (fig. 1). the detachment of tumor cells from the primary tumor and the invasion of the surrounding tissue represent the onset of tumor metastasis. there is good experimental evidence that at the primary tumor site expression of alpha 4 integrins inhibits the ability of melanoma cells to break loose. this could be achieved either by strengthening of homotypic adhesion to adjacent tumor cells or by down regulation of matrix metalloproteases that are required for tumor cell migration through the extracellular matrix. after entering the blood circulation, alpha 4 integrins on tumor cells derived from melanomas, sarcomas or lymphomas rather promote than inhibit accumulation of disseminated cells in distant organs. the positive effects of alpha 4 integrins at this stage of metastasis formation appear to depend on alpha 4 integrin interactions with ligands expressed on the surface of endothelial cells. while vcam-1 is expressed on endothelial cells exposed to inflammatory cytokines, madcam-1 is constitutively expressed on mucosal endothelium. in addition, it is conceivable that tumor cell aggregates trapped in the microcirculation may trigger local inflammatory reactions that result in vcam-1 up-regulation. tumor cell-bound alpha 4 integrins may strengthen adhesion to endothelium and promote trans-endothelial migration (hauzenberger et al. 1997; meerschaert and furie 1994). successful formation of new tumor colonies in distant organs is the final step in the metastatic cascade. interestingly, alpha 4 integrin dependent mechanisms may either promote or inhibit this process. thus, it was observed that alpha 4 integrins may direct cancer cells like cho and lymphoma cells to organ compartments, where ligands for alpha 4 integrins are expressed (e.g., bone marrow). depending on the tumor type this event may result in enhanced metastasis formation. however, as was documented for murine lymphoma cells alpha 4 integrins may also inhibit tumor cell growth either by inducing apoptosis or by reducing the proliferation rate. based on numerous studies on human cancers and experimental tumor models, alpha 4 integrins may represent attractive target molecules for therapeutic manipulation of tumor cell behavior. to this end, however, it will be of great importance to precisely define the molecular basis for the adverse effects of alpha 4 integrins on metastasis formation.
it is hypothesized that the frequency of bacterial coldwater disease outbreaks can be reduced through the detection of the aetiologic agent, flavobacterium psychrophilum, in broodstock followed by culling of eggs from heavily infected broodstock. before a culling programme can be instituted, however, it is necessary to determine the sensitivity and specificity of existing assays for the detection of f. psychrophilum. in this study, tissue and ovarian fluid samples were collected from 224 fish at five hatcheries and screened using an enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (elisa), a membrane-filtration fluorescent antibody test (mf-fat), bacteriological culture and nested pcr. latent class analysis was used to estimate sensitivity and specificity of kidney culture, kidney elisa, nested pcr and mf-fat. analytical sensitivity of the elisa varied but was greatest when bacteria were cultured under iron-limiting conditions. diagnostic sensitivity estimates ranged from 0.02 (kidney culture) to 0.97 (kidney elisa). specificity estimates ranged from 0.02 (mf-fat) to 0.98 (kidney elisa). in a separate challenge experiment, the elisa confirmed the presence of f. psychrophilum in sub-clinically infected fish. results from this study demonstrate that the elisa is an appropriate tool to screen broodstock and provides an indication of infection severity, which is crucial for implementation of a screening/culling programme.
in vitro digestion of chestnut and quebracho tannin extracts: antimicrobial effect, antioxidant capacity and cytomodulatory activity in swine intestinal ipec-j2 cells.
the central rationale of tocolysis for preterm labor (ptl) is to delay delivery for at least 48 h to allow for transfer of the mother to a tertiary facility and for corticosteroids to induce surfactant production in fetal lungs. beta-mimetics decrease the number of women in preterm labor giving birth within 48 h without reducing adverse neonatal outcomes. calcium channel blockers inclusive of nifedipine decrease the adverse neonatal outcomes by significantly delaying delivery. atosiban has the best maternal and fetal safety profile but does not seem to reduce neonatal complications. magnesium sulfate is controversial as a tocolytic, but is valuable as a neuroprotective agent and for treatment of eclamptic seizures. indomethacin may be a reasonable first choice for acute tocolytsis in gestational ages less than 32 weeks' gestation. prolonged use (>48 h) should be avoided. transdermal nitroglycerin can reduce neonatal morbidity and mortality as a result of decreased risk of birth before 28 weeks' gestation. nifedipine may be a reasonable first choice because it is easy to administer and also of limited side effects relative to β2-mimetics. tocolysis does not appear to significantly lengthen the gestational age beyond seven days.
cov infections can affect the nervous system, and it is currently believed that cov in concert with host immune mechanisms may turn these infections into persistent infections that may lead to neurological diseases. therefore, patients with cov infections should be evaluated early for neurological symptoms, including headache, consciousness disorder, paresthesia, and other pathological signs. timely analysis of cerebrospinal fluid and awareness and management of infection-related neurological complications are key to improving the prognosis of critically ill patients.
scf-fbw7 targets sic1—when at least six out of nine possible sites are phosphorylated—and swi5 for degradation.
tryptic digestion of sarcoplasmic reticulum inhibits ca2+ accumulation by action on a membrane component other than the ca2+-atpase.
therapy of chronic hepatitis b has improved by the invention of the potent nucleos(t)ide analogues entecavir, telbivudine and tenofovir disoproxil. due to increasing prevalence of lamivudine resistance the appropriate first line therapy may prevent emergence of any new resistance and avoid combination therapy. the present case describes a complex history of chronic hepatitis b in the setting of renal failure after two renal transplants illustrating why lamivudine should not be used as first line treatment option any more. instead, entecavir offers high antiviral potency, low risk for resistance and possible individual dose titration by an oral solution.
[desvenlafaxine and neuropathic pain: additional clinical benefits of a second generation serotonin-noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor].
ambient particulate matter (pm) is a complex mixture of inorganic and organic compounds. the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) regulates pm as a criteria pollutant and promulgates national ambient air quality standards for it. the pm indicator is based on mass concentration, unspecified as to chemical composition, for specific size fractions. the numerical standards are based on epidemiologic evidence of associations between the various size-related particle mass concentrations as indicators and excess mortality and cardiorespiratory health effects as endpoints. the u.s. national research council has stated that more research is needed to differentiate the apparent health effects associated with different particle chemical constituents. sulfate and nitrate constitute a significant portion of the particle mass in the atmosphere, but are accompanied by similar amounts of carbonaceous material, along with low concentrations of various species, including bioactive organic compounds and redox cycling metals. extensive animal and human toxicology data show no significant effects for particles consisting only of sulfate and nitrate compounds at levels in excess of ambient air concentrations. a few epidemiologic studies, including both short-term time-series studies and long-term cohort studies, have included the sulfate content of pm as a specific variable in health effect analyses. there are much less data for nitrate. the results from the epidemiologic studies with pm sulfate are inconsistent. a detailed analysis of the time-series epidemiological studies shows that pm sulfate has a weaker "risk factor" than pm2.5 for health effects. since sulfate is correlated with pm2.5, this result is inconsistent with sulfate having a strong health influence. however, there are many limitations with these types of studies that warrant caution for any comparison between a chemical component and mass concentration. in total, the epidemiologic and toxicologic evidence provide little or no support for a causal association of pm sulfate and health risk at ambient concentrations. for nitrate-containing pm, virtually no epidemiological data exist. limited toxicological evidence does not support a causal association between particulate nitrate compounds and excess health risks. there are some possible indirect processes through which sulfate and nitrate in pm may affect health-related endpoints, including interactions with certain metal species and a linkage with production of secondary organic matter. there is insufficient evidence to include or exclude these processes as being potentially important to pm-associated health risk.
for the first time the occurrence of 25 organic micropollutants (omps) including; 11 personal care products (pcps), six phthalate ester plasticizers (peps) and eight organophosphorus flame retardants (opfrs) was investigated in 72 water samples obtained from five bays in the uganda sector of lake victoria. in addition, an assessment of the potential ecotoxic risk of the target omps to aquatic organisms was conducted. water samples were analyzed for the target omps using gas chromatography coupled with mass spectrometry (gc/ms). all the target pcps were found in all the water samples with the exception of musk ketone and 2,6-di-tert-butylphenol. triclosan (89-1400 ng l
recent findings suggest that alternative splicing has a critical role in controlling the responses of plants to temperature variations. however, alternative splicing factors in plants are largely uncharacterized. here we establish the putative splice regulator, porcupine (pcp), as temperature-specific regulator of development in arabidopsis thaliana. our findings point to the misregulation of wuschel and clavata3 as the possible cause for the meristem defects affecting the pcp-1 loss-of-function mutants at low temperatures.
breakage of angioplasty device in coronary artery can cause panic in the catheterization laboratory. these broken fragments may serve as a nidus for thrombus formation; hence, removal of these fragments becomes mandatory. since the incidence of guidewire fracture during angioplasty are rarely reported, evidence-based approaches are not available for the management of such incidental conditions. here, we report an interesting case of entrapment and unravelling of guidewire. we successfully retrieved unravelled guidewire using a noncompliant balloon inflated in the guiding catheter. subsequently, the procedure was completed successfully with an implantation of a stent in the culprit lesion. we are of opinion that this novel technique is quite easy and less cumbersome than other described techniques reported earlier.
while the functions of omentin are still being elucidated and its receptor is still unknown, a role as “insulin sensitizer” in adipocytes has already been demonstrated. however, recent evidence supports the potential for an as yet unidentified role in heart function based on the links to heart disease. interestingly, pre-operative bmi (as well as weight and fat mass) correlated negatively with the acute (1 day) change in omentin, as did il-6 levels, perhaps indicating that a subgroup of these severely obese patients are already at-risk for the development of cardiovascular problems and this could be associated with omentin (and other factors) in an as-yet-undiscovered function. initial studies on omentin (then known as intelectin) focused on its microbial surface galactofuranose binding properties. thus, it was suggested to participate in host early-defense against bacterial infections [35]. literature in recent years has shown the importance of gut microbiota in the development of obesity as well as insulin resistance and other metabolism-related comorbidities (as reviewed in [36]). we would speculate that omentin could be part of this link, being produced by visceral adipose tissue and acting as an “insulin sensitizer” yet also being able to interact with specific bacteria in the gut. bpd-ds also plays a role in post-surgery microbiota redistribution (reviewed in [37]) and this could possibly be evidenced through changes in omentin levels. further, omentin has demonstrated anti-inflammatory properties, cementing its links with cvd and metabolic syndrome (reviewed in jaikanth et al. [1]. thus, lower levels of this adipokine could well be implicated in worsening of situations where immune activation is present, as is the case in obesity and diabetes. these proposed roles of omentin, and correlations with asp and lymphocytes, mesh with the concept of the contribution of various biomarkers to an enhanced pro-inflammatory state and autoimmune activation as pivotal in understanding chronic diseases, as reviewed in detail by onat et al. [38].
the nucleocapsid protein (n) gene of two subgroup a and one subgroup b strains of avian pneumovirus has been cloned and sequenced. the gene of all three isolates comprised 1197 nucleotides (nt), which formed a single major open reading frame, potentially encoding a protein of 391 amino acid residues. the n gene of the two subgroup a isolates differed by only 1 nt but differed by 282 (24%) nt and 35 (11%) amino acids from the b isolate. the predicted protein was identical in length to that of human, bovine and ovine respiratory syncytial viruses, the amino acid identity being approximately 41% overall but with some regions of identity > 90%.
association of anti-c1 inhibitor and anti-protein s antibodies in a patient with primary antiphospholipid syndrome.
furthermore, defined in a global co-ordinate frame, let ei,i∈[1,⋯,4] denote the measurement noise of directions of wm→,mp→,pd→,dt→, respectively. assuming a normal probability distribution, p(ei)∼n(0,qi) for i∈[1,⋯,4], where qis are indicating the noise power spectral densities.
f functional airway obstruction. the clinical signs and symptoms resemble those observed in disorders such as vocal cord paralysis, asthma, epiglottitis, laryngospasm, and angioedema secondary to anap
[bronchial asthma therapy with glycocorticoids and acth on the basis of material of the internal medicine clinics of the pomeranian academy of medicine in szczecin].
given the high rates of obesity in the aa population, the impact of obesity on health, and the rates of post-operative complications that currently exist, our data suggest greater availability to bariatric surgery for aa-patients may be an important factor in improving outcomes and decreasing post-operative complication rates. previous studies report aas tend to be less educated about metabolic and bariatric surgery (mbs) and have less weight loss than whites after mbs [21–23]. to fully examine the impact race may have on pre-operative comorbidities and outcomes for bariatric surgery it is important that other factors be considered [24]. for example, significant components in these types of studies may relate to the availability of access to healthcare, and bariatric surgery specifically, as well as socioeconomic, psychological variables, rural vs urban residency, differences in referral for bariatric surgery, and insurance status, but these are not available for analysis in the mbsaqip dataset [6, 7, 24–30].
[clinical significance of urinary 17-ketosteroids and 17-ks fraction analysis in endocrine tests of the adrenal cortex].
the concept of interbody (intercorporal) fusion as a useful treatment for intervertebral disc disease in the cervical area has been well received. thirty-two years have passed since cloward first introduced his technique of posterior lumbar intervertebral fusion. the author believes that the delayed acceptance of this procedure is due to fear of technical difficulties. a technical modification of cloward's posterior lumbar interbody fusion is introduced. it entails better technique in controlling epidural bleeding by careful positioning of the patient and the use of oxidized cellulose as a tampon in the epidural space. the integrity of the facet is preserved through a more limited interlaminal approach. osteosynthesis of the grafts is assured by multiple perforations of the cortical plate in accordance with robinson's principle utilized in cervical interbody fusion. the author believes that the modification simplifies the cloward posterior lumbar interbody fusion. it also assures better stability after surgery by retention of the facet and lessening the dangers of settlement of the graft by preservation of the cortical plate. in a series of 75 cases, tomograms made 4 months after operation have shown a viable graft with active osteosynthesis between the graft and the adjoining vertebral bodies in 94%.
endophytic fungi increase the processing rate of leaves by leaf-cutting ants (atta) . ecol. entomol.
cd73 alleviates gsdmd-mediated microglia pyroptosis in spinal cord injury through pi3k/akt/foxo1 signaling.
in accordance with previous results in obese ob/ob mice [5] and fa/fa zucker rats [36] glut4 as well as pfk displayed increased mrna expression in the fat-fed c57bl/6 mouse hearts. in hearts from fat-fed versus chow-fed human apob-transgenic mice we did not identify this difference in glut4 and pfk mrna expression (fig. 4b). this suggests that normalization of cardiac lipid stores not only affects lipid metabolism but also prevents changes in expression of essential genes governing glucose metabolism.
subsets of ilc3-ilc1-like cells generate a diversity spectrum of innate lymphoid cells in human mucosal tissues
14. antonialli fc  de marchi t  tomazoni ss    phototherapy in skeletal muscle performance and recovery after exercise: effect of combination of super-pulsed laser and light-emitting diodes lasers med sci 2014 29 1967 1976 10.1007/s10103-014-1611-7 24942380
thermozeaxanthins (tzs), a group of carotenoid-glucoside esters extracted from the lipids fraction of thermophilic bacterium, are amphiphilic compounds. the effects of tzs on membrane permeability were examined on large unilamellar liposomes (luvs) in different ph buffers. the luvs were composed of 0.01 molar of tzs and phosphatidylcholine (pc) of various lengths and saturation degrees of hydrocarbon chains. the results showed that the luvs containing tzs were more stable than that liposomes without tzs in ph 5.0, and no significant effects in ph 8.2 and 9.0 buffer solutions. the liposomes composed of tzs and egg pc or e.coli pe were better than those dppc or dopc luvs containing tzs at same experimental conditions. there was no observed difference in stability between the liposomes with or without tzs in ph 6.5 solution. conclusions (1) matching of rigid tzs in the lipid bilayer was important in stabilization effects on liposomes, (2)the tzs showed some stabilization effects on liposome membranes in acidic conditions and no significant effects in basic environment.
zinc binding domains, or zinc fingers (znfs), form one of the most numerous and most diverse superclasses of protein structural motifs in eukaryotes. although our understanding of the functions of several classes of these domains is relatively well developed, we know much less about the molecular mechanisms of action of many others. myelin transcription factor 1 (myt1) type znfs are found in organisms as diverse as nematodes and mammals and are found in a range of sequence contexts. myt1, one of the early transcription factors expressed in the developing central nervous system, contains seven myt1 znfs that are very highly conserved both within the protein and between species. we have used a range of biophysical techniques, including nmr spectroscopy and data-driven macromolecular docking, to investigate the structural basis for the interaction between myt1 znfs and dna. our data indicate that myt1 znfs recognize the major groove of dna in a way that appears to differ from other known zinc binding domains.
lakatta eg   levy d   arterial and cardiac aging: major shareholders in cardiovascular disease enterprises: part i: aging arteries: a “set up” for vascular disease circulation 2003a 107 139 146 12515756
rainbow trout is a globally important fish species for aquaculture. however, fish for most farms worldwide are produced by only a few breeding companies. selection based solely on fish performance recorded at a nucleus may lead to lower-than-expected genetic gains in other production environments when genotype-by-environment (g × e) interaction exists. the aim was to quantify the magnitude of g × e interaction of growth traits (tagging weight; bwt, harvest weight; bwh, and growth rate; tgc) measured across 4 environments, located in 3 different continents, by estimating genetic correlations between environments. a total of 100 families, of at least 25 in size, were produced from the mating 58 sires and 100 dams. in total, 13,806 offspring were reared at the nucleus (selection environment) in washington state (nuc) and in 3 other environments: a recirculating aquaculture system in freshwater institute (fi), west virginia; a high-altitude farm in peru (pe), and a cold-water farm in germany (ger). to account for selection bias due to selective mortality, a multitrait multienvironment animal mixed model was applied to analyze the performance data in different environments as different traits. genetic correlation (rg) of a trait measured in different environments and rg of different traits measured in different environments were estimated. the results show that heterogeneity of additive genetic variances was mainly found for bwh measured in fi and pe. additive genetic coefficient of variation for bwh in nuc, fi, pe, and ger were 7.63, 8.36, 8.64, and 9.75, respectively. genetic correlations between the same trait in different environments were low, indicating strong reranking (bwt: rg = 0.15 to 0.37, bwh: rg = 0.19 to 0.48, tgc: rg = 0.31 to 0.36) across environments. the rg between bwt in nuc and bwh in both fi (0.31) and ger (0.36) were positive, which was also found between bwt in nuc and tgc in both fi (0.10) and ger (0.20). however, rg were negative between bwt in nuc and both bwh (-0.06) and tgc (-0.20) in pe. correction for selection bias resulted in higher additive genetic variances. in conclusion, strong g × e interaction was found for bwt, bwh, and tgc. accounting for g × e interaction in the breeding program, either by using sib information from testing stations or environment-specific breeding programs, would increase genetic gains for environments that differ significantly from nuc.
10.1371/journal.pone.0064426.g008figure 8 effects of cratabl and sbti on the viability of the du145 (a, c) and pc3 (b, d) cell lines, respectively.
regulation of the hsp90-binding immunophilin, cyclophilin 40, is mediated by multiple sites for ga-binding protein (gabp).
1 the effects of labetalol, bethanidine and combined treatment with both drugs were compared in a within-patient randomized cross-over study in mild essential hypertension. attention was directed to whether or not labetalol and bethanidine differed in their pattern of effect on arterial bp and whether evidence of synergism was apparent. 2 at the doses used labetalol significantly lowered systolic and diastolic bps and heart rate lying, sitting, standing and after exercise. the dose of bethanidine used did not affect heart rate significantly while lowering systolic and diastolic bps only after exercise and less clearly on standing. combined treatment lowered bps on standing and after exercise and heart rate after exercise. 3 the type and frequency of side-effects were similar with bethanidine and labetalol but were much less with combined treatment. 4 no evidence of synergism was observed.
in the event of breaking, it is held in place by an interlayer, typically of polyvinyl butyral (pvb), ethylene-vinyl acetate (eva), or thermoplastic polyurethane (tpu), between its two or more layers of glass.
to ensure accurate reference dosimetry with ionization chambers in mr-linacs, the influence of the magnetic field on the response of the ionization chambers must be considered. the most direct method considering the influence of magnetic fields in dosimetry is to apply an appropriate absorbed-dose-to-water standard. at ptb, a new water calorimeter has been designed which is capable to determine dw,q in an mr-linac. the new device allows the direct calibration of ionization chambers in terms of absorbed dose to water for mr-linac irradiation conditions. hence, the correction factors k_(b ⃗,q,q_0) can be determined which replace the current radiation-quality dependent correction factors k_(q,q_0) for dosimetry in the presence of magnetic fields. in cooperation with heidelberg university hospital, k_(b ⃗,q,q_0) factors were measured at the 6 mv 0.35 t viewray mr-linac for different cylindrical ionization chambers with sensitive volumes ranging from 0.015 cm3 to 0.65 cm3. the chambers were placed both perpendicular and parallel in respect to the magnetic field. standard uncertainties of about 0.5 % were achieved.
previous studies have indicated associations between a functional biallelic repetitive element in the 5' regulatory region of the serotonin transporter gene (5-httlpr) and alcoholic subjects who have either dissocial personality disorder or severe withdrawal symptoms. to replicate these associations under the hypothesis that genetic polymorphism plays some role in the susceptibility or vulnerability of some subgroup of alcoholics, the associations between alcoholic subjects' genetic polymorphisms, clinical characteristics, and personality traits were examined. this case control study comprised 697 alcoholic and 270 control subjects. a questionnaire focusing on family and social background, history of drinking and alcohol withdrawal, dsm-iii-r criteria for the evaluation of psychiatric conditions, and feighner's criteria for the lifetime diagnosis and assessment of overall severity of alcoholism was administered to 373 alcoholic subjects. temperament and character inventory (tci) and sensation seeking scale (sss) were used to evaluate the other 324 alcoholics. the frequency of the homozygous short allele was significantly higher in alcoholic binge drinkers than in nonbinge drinking alcoholics. there were no significant differences in the frequencies of either the 5-httlpr genotype or the short vs. long allele in alcoholic and control subjects. the alcoholics' 5-httlpr genotype and allele frequencies did not differ significantly by the severity of withdrawal symptoms or by the number of positive feighner's diagnostic criteria. although these results indicate an association between 5-httlpr and a subgroup of alcoholics characterized by binge drinking, the authors found no differences in sss and tci subscale scores for alcoholics with different 5-httlpr genotypes. future studies of the association in other alcoholic population should take into account personality traits.
25 schmidt c  bladt f  goedecke s    scatter factor/hepatocyte growth factor is essential for liver development nature  1995 373 6516 699 702 2-s2.0-0028899952 7854452
saitou n nei m  the neighbor-joining method - a new method for reconstructing phylogenetic trees mol biol evol 1987 4 406 425 3447015
the increasing incidence of antibiotic resistance, coupled with a growing prevalence of cancer and allergic conditions in an aging population, has forced clinical research to explore alternative therapeutic and prophylactic avenues. one such approach involves the use of probiotics: beneficial bacterial cultures, which, when administered as a part of the daily dietary intake, reduce the incidence and severity of acute and chronic infection, facilitate prevention and reduced recurrence of certain cancers and lower the incidence of several atopic conditions. herein, we review the most recent advances in the emerging area of patho-biotechnology in the context of improving probiotic production, delivery and clinical efficacy, in addition to the emerging area of 'designer probiotics'- strains specifically tailored to target certain pathogens and/or toxins in vivo.
subjects with developmental disabilities, such as autism spectrum disorder and developmental coordination disorder, have been shown to have difficulties in sensory-sensory integration and sensory-motor integration (55, 68). therefore, we also excluded patients with a history of developmental disabilities.
the emission theory of sight seemed to be corroborated by geometry and was reinforced by robert grosseteste.
the influenza ph1n1 virus caused a global flu pandemic in 2009 and continues manifestation as a seasonal virus. better understanding of the virus-host cell interaction could result in development of better prevention and treatment options. here we show that the akt inhibitor mk2206 blocks influenza ph1n1 virus infection in vitro. in particular, at noncytotoxic concentrations, mk2206 alters akt signaling and inhibits endocytic uptake of the virus. interestingly, mk2206 is unable to inhibit h3n2, h7n9, and h5n1 viruses, indicating that ph1n1 evolved specific requirements for efficient infection. thus, akt signaling could be exploited further for development of better therapeutics against ph1n1 virus.
small molecules for multi-wavelength near-infrared fluorescent mapping of regional and sentinel lymph nodes in colorectal cancer staging.
19 chevet e  fessart d  delom f  mulot a  vojtesek b  hrstka r  murray e  gray t  hupp t   emerging roles for the pro-oncogenic anterior gradient-2 in cancer development oncogene 32 2499 2509 2013 10.1038/onc.2012.346 22945652
patterned superhydrophilic-superhydrophobic (shl - shb) surfaces have shown promise in droplet-based biochemical assays. however, fundamental understanding of the behavior of liquid droplets on such patterned surfaces has not received much attention. here, we report wetting dynamics and stability of an aqueous droplet placed over a superhydrophilic spot (θ~0
this deformation of the cells can cause them to become lodged in capillaries, depriving other parts of the body of sufficient oxygen.
a new formulation of fluticasone propionate/salmeterol in a metered-dose inhaler (mdi hfa) allows for the reduction of a daily dose of corticosteroid and provides optimal asthma control - a randomized, multi-center, non-inferiority, phase iv clinical study.
maria gomes and bical are the main white grape varieties in portuguese bairrada appellation, which represent 80% and 15%, respectively, of white vineyard. to estimate their aroma potentialities, free and potential volatile components from the musts were examined. the free volatile components were extracted using a liquid-liquid continuous method and were analyzed by gas chromatography-mass spectrometry. the potential volatile compounds were determined after elimination of the free components by heat and enzymatic treatments. principal component analysis was used to establish relations between the compounds and the varieties and also the form (free or in potential). maria gomes has 11.5 mg/l volatile compounds, of which 33% are in free form; bical has 4.4 mg/l volatile compounds, of which 46% are in free form. a total of 59 compounds was identified and quantified. in maria gomes, the sum of the terpenoids is within the perception limits for hotrienol (0.21 mg/l) and linalool (0.20 mg/l). in bical, benzyl alcohol and phenylethylethanol represent 20% of the volatile compounds. considering that the volatile composition pattern of maria gomes and bical varieties are different, wine-making technologies should be developed specifically for each variety.
ultrasonography of the reticulum, rumen, omasum, and abomasum in 10 calves before, during, and after ingestion of milk.
it may often be bound to calmodulin such as in the olfactory system to either enhance or repress cation channels.
34 ahlstrom s , bloomfield k , knibbe r  . gender differences in drinking patterns in nine european countries: descriptive findings . subst abus
cell death and cancer: replacement of apoptotic genes and inactivation of death suppressor genes in therapy.
an innovative single-stage repair of severe asymmetric pectus excavatum defects using substernal mesh bands.
measurements of tissue polypeptide-specific antigen and prostate-specific antigen in prostate cancer patients under intermittent androgen suppression therapy.
prevalence based on geographic location. in populations with recurrent meningococcal infection, the prevalence rate is as high as 30%. individuals with c1q deficiency have a 93% chance of developing s
hybrid oncocytic/chromophobe tumor (hoct) is defined as tumor composed of renal oncocytoma (ro) and chromophobe renal cell carcinoma (chrcc). sporadic hoct is extremely rare, the preoperative diagnosis is difficult, and no guidelines for clinical therapy. we report a case who is the youngest male patient of sporadic hoct in the world, review the previously reported cases, and share the clinical features, diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of hoct.
synergistic effect of chlorogenic acid and thiocyanate on in vitro formation of n-methyl-n-nitrosoaniline under physiological conditions.
normal viability and altered pharmacokinetics in mice lacking mdr1-type (drug-transporting) p-glycoproteins.
molecular determinants of glucocorticoid receptor function and tissue sensitivity to glucocorticoids.
the importance of glucokinase (gk; ec 2.7.1.12) in glucose homeostasis has been demonstrated by the association of gk mutations with diabetes mellitus in humans and by alterations in glucose metabolism in transgenic and gene knockout mice. liver gk activity in humans and rodents is allosterically inhibited by gk regulatory protein (gkrp). to further understand the role of gkrp in gk regulation, the mouse gkrp gene was inactivated. with the knockout of the gkrp gene, there was a parallel loss of gk protein and activity in mutant mouse liver. the loss was primarily because of posttranscriptional regulation of gk, indicating a positive regulatory role for gkrp in maintaining gk levels and activity. as in rat hepatocytes, both gk and gkrp were localized in the nuclei of mouse hepatocytes cultured in low-glucose-containing medium. in the presence of fructose or high concentrations of glucose, conditions known to relieve gk inhibition by gkrp in vitro, only gk was translocated into the cytoplasm. in the gkrp-mutant hepatocytes, gk was not found in the nucleus under any tested conditions. we propose that gkrp functions as an anchor to sequester and inhibit gk in the hepatocyte nucleus, where it is protected from degradation. this ensures that glucose phosphorylation is minimal when the liver is in the fasting, glucose-producing phase. this also enables the hepatocytes to rapidly mobilize gk into the cytoplasm to phosphorylate and store or metabolize glucose after the ingestion of dietary glucose. in gkrp-mutant mice, the disruption of this regulation and the subsequent decrease in gk activity leads to altered glucose metabolism and impaired glycemic control.
the recent scientific progress has shown the promising effect of the vaccine in immunotherapy of cancer, which relies on the antigen processing/presentation capability of dendritic cells (dcs). as a result, cancer vaccines targeting dc, which also named as dc vaccine, was a hot-spot in vaccine development. herein, a nanostructured lipid carrier (nlc) was employed to load chlorin e6 (ce6) to serve as a potential
this hybrid type 1 effectiveness-implementation clinical trial [19] conducted in primary care practice settings (31 sites) with a diverse sample is the only study, to our knowledge, with over 12 months of follow-up for adolescents enrolled in an internet-based study [13,43,44]. at 12 and 24 months postintervention using cox proportional hazard regression analysis, we found that catch-it was not superior to health education in preventing the onset of depressive episodes. the annual incidence of major depressive episodes was fairly low for both groups (dsr≥4: 4.6% catch-it, 5.8% health education; dsr≥3: 13.7% catch-it, 12.7%). this compares favorably with the 12-month incidence of major depressive episodes (dsr≥4) in the united states, which is 8.3% [1] in general samples and >15% in similar risk–adjusted samples; these rates are roughly half the rates for minor plus major depressive episodes in high-risk samples (dsr≥3) [1,21,23]. moderated analyses suggested that adolescents who enroll with higher ces-d scores, lower levels of hopelessness, and higher paternal monitoring may obtain preventive benefit from catch-it for 12 months, and possibly for as long as two years postenrollment.
glime j. m.   (2017 ). “introduction. chapter 1 ,” in bryophyte ecology. volume 1. physiological ecology . ed. glime j. m.   ebook sponsored by michigan technological university and the international association of bryologists. last updated 25 march 2017 and available at http://digitalcommons.mtu.edu/bryophyte-ecology/ (accessed on 29 may 2019).
a series of n-benzyl-indole-3-imine-, amine derivatives and their 5-bromo congeners were synthesized and their biological activity were evaluated against the pp60(c-src) tyrosine kinase target. to afford the imine derivatives, aldehydes were reacted with substituted benzylamines and the corresponding amine derivatives were obtained by nabh(4) reduction of these imines. except insoluble n-benzyl-indole-3-imine derivatives, all the derivatives showed some activity against the kinase target. screening of these compounds for their biological activity revealed that among n-benzyl-indole derivatives, those bearing 5-bromo substitution have the enhanced potency, where the amine derivatives were more active than imines.
10.1371/journal.pone.0020888.g004figure 4 swarming of wild type and lasirhli-mutant growing on fab-glutamate plate assays amended with 3-oxo-dodecanoyl homoserine lactone and butyryl homoserine lactone (5 µm each) on soft (0.4%) and hard (0.6%) agar.
complement deficiencies are inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern (although mbl deficiency has been described as having both an autosomal dominant and recessive pattern). an exception to the aut
carotid artery stenosis: prospective comparison of ct, three-dimensional gadolinium-enhanced mr, and conventional angiography.
[recent acquisitions on the morphology of the vasa vasorum in normal and pathological conditions (experimental study)].
3 shay jw  bacchetti s   a survey of telomerase activity in human cancer eur j cancer 1997 33 787 91 9282118
modeling early bactericidal activity in murine tuberculosis provides insights into the activity of isoniazid and pyrazinamide.
the company's core product is the plasmajet system which utilizes an inert gas that is electrically excited to a plasma state, releasing three forms of energy: light, kinetic and thermal.
this paper addresses perceptual synthesis by comparing responses evoked by visual stimuli before and after they are recognized, depending on prior exposure. using magnetoencephalography, we analyzed distributed patterns of neuronal activity - evoked by mooney figures - before and after they were recognized as meaningful objects. recognition induced changes were first seen at 100-120 ​ms, for both faces and tools. these early effects - in right inferior and middle occipital regions - were characterized by an increase in power in the absence of any changes in spatial patterns of activity. within a later 210-230 ​ms window, a quite different type of recognition effect appeared. regions of the brain's value system (insula, entorhinal cortex and cingulate of the right hemisphere for faces and right orbitofrontal cortex for tools) evinced a reorganization of their neuronal activity without an overall power increase in the region. finally, we found that during the perception of disambiguated face stimuli, a face-specific response in the right fusiform gyrus emerged at 240-290 ​ms, with a much greater latency than the well-known n170m component, and, crucially, followed the recognition effect in the value system regions. these results can clarify one of the most intriguing issues of perceptual synthesis, namely, how a limited set of high-level predictions, which is required to reduce the uncertainty when resolving the ill-posed inverse problem of perception, can be available before category-specific processing in visual cortex. we suggest that a subset of local spatial features serves as partial cues for a fast re-activation of object-specific appraisal by the value system. the ensuing top-down feedback from value system to visual cortex, in particular, the fusiform gyrus enables high levels of processing to form category-specific predictions. this descending influence of the value system was more prominent for faces than for tools, the fact that reflects different dependence of these categories on value-related information.
in this study, susceptibility of inbred c57bl/6 and outbred nmri mice to monosodium glutamate (msg) obesity or diet-induced obesity (dio) was compared in terms of food intake, body weight, adiposity as well as leptin, insulin and glucose levels. msg obesity is an early-onset obesity resulting from msg-induced lesions in arcuate nucleus to neonatal mice. both male and female c57bl/6 and nmri mice with msg obesity did not differ in body weight from their lean controls, but had dramatically increased fat to body weight ratio. all msg obese mice developed severe hyperleptinemia, more remarkable in females, but only nmri male mice showed massive hyperinsulinemia and an extremely high homa index that pointed to development of insulin resistance. diet-induced obesity is a late-onset obesity; it developed during 16-week-long feeding with high-fat diet containing 60 % calories as fat. inbred c57bl/6 mice, which are frequently used in dio studies, both male and female, had significantly increased fat to body weight ratio and leptin and glucose levels compared with their appropriate lean controls, but only female c57bl/6 mice had also significantly elevated body weight and insulin level. nmri mice were less prone to dio than c57bl/6 ones and did not show significant changes in metabolic parameters after feeding with high-fat diet.
children with adhd may require changes in their educational programming, including tutoring or resource room support (either in an exclusive setting or within the classroom). (see 'school-based interventions' above.)●
el proceso de muestreo se ha realizado en 2 fases: el estudio comenzó seleccionando y analizando de forma intencionada una muestra de 4 grupos de adolescentes (4.° de eso, 1.er curso de bachillerato, 2.° curso de bachillerato y 1.er curso de grado universitario) de ambos sexos, con diferentes niveles socioeconómicos y de consumo, procedentes del área rural y urbano de la provincia de sevilla. estos grupos aportaron una aproximación bastante completa a los conceptos y categorías del estudio. aún así, con el objeto de responder a las «hipótesis provisionales» surgidas durante el primer análisis y garantizar la saturación teórica de la información18, se recurrió a un grupo de estudiantes de 2.° curso de escuela taller. en este caso, se seleccionó una muestra de jóvenes de 20 años con idea de favorecer la heterogeneidad de la muestra, con las siguientes características: mayor edad, procedentes de familias muy humildes, que manifestaron haber tenido dificultades en su etapa de enseñanza obligatoria y que, en algunos casos, habían abandonado el sistema prematuramente.
however, the main executioners of apoptotic pathways are proteases of the caspase family that proteolytically disintegrate the cells in the form of apoptotic bodies. this family of proteases is divided into executioner caspases, such as caspase 3 and 7, and initiator caspases, such as caspase 8 and 9. initiator caspase-8 is known to be activated through the death receptors, whereas caspase-9 is activated by cytochrome c leakage from the mitochondria. these initiator caspases lead to downstream activation of caspase 3 and 7, committing the cell to apoptotic death. in contrast to necrosis, apoptosis is a non-inflammatory cell death pathway, which has the advantage of minimizing unwanted effects on neighbouring cells [15]. therefore, scientists are constantly in search of small molecules that can trigger apoptosis in the treatment of cancer. in this study, we evaluated the anti-cancer potential of the cycloartane in human colon cancer cell line ht-29, focusing on the apoptotic mechanism underlying this activity.
ssris, including citalopram, can increase the risk of bleeding, especially when coupled with aspirin, nsaids, warfarin, or other anticoagulants.
pre-gravid physical activity and reduced risk of glucose intolerance in pregnancy: the role of insulin sensitivity.
40. xu j.  xu x.  tian l.  wang g.  zhang x.  wang x.  guo w.   discovery and identification of candidate genes from the chitinase gene family for verticillium dahliae  resistance in cotton sci. rep. 2016 6 29022 10.1038/srep29022 27354165
myc family dna amplification in 107 tumors and tumor cell lines from patients with small cell lung cancer treated with different combination chemotherapy regimens.
6 bosse jt  janson h  sheehan bj  beddek aj  rycroft an  kroll js  langford pr   actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae : pathobiology and pathogenesis of infection microbes infect 2002 4 225 235 11880056
we further detected the activity of capsaicin against pancreatic cancer growth in vivo. capsaicin significantly impaired the tumor growth of aspc-1 cell xenografts in nude mice, as evidenced by a decrease in tumor volume (p < 0.05) and tumor weight in the treatment group (figure 5a and b). however, the treatment of 15 mg/kg capsaicin did not cause cany toxic effects on the mice, as the mouse weights were not affected by the treatment (data not shown). twenty-five days after cell inoculation, the average tumor weight in the control group was 403 mg, whereas that in the treatment group was 188 mg (p < 0.01) (figure 5c). the tumor sections were subjected to tunel assay and immunostaining for 8-oxoguanine to detect dna fragmentation and dna lesions resulting from ros, respectively [24]. the positive staining of tunel and 8-oxoguanine in the treatment group revealed that oxidative damage was induced by capsaicin in aspc-1cells (figure 5d). no severe oxidative damage was observed in the control group. together, these data suggest that capsaicin inhibited pancreatic cancer growth likely through a redox-mediated mechanism.figure 5
salmeterol (sm) is a novel beta 2-adrenoceptor agonist with a duration of action in excess of 12 hours. evidence from in vitro studies has also demonstrated that, unlike the short-acting beta 2-agonists, such as salbutamol (sb), it may have some anti-inflammatory properties. with a randomized, double-blind, crossover design, we have compared the inhibitory effects of sm (50 micrograms) and sb (200 micrograms) delivered by metered-dose inhaler on allergen-induced bronchoconstriction, changes in airway reactivity, and urinary leukotriene (lt) e4 excretion in 12 atopic subjects with mild asthma. the immediate bronchoconstriction to allergen was significantly reduced by both beta 2-agonists (p less than 0.005), when reduction was expressed either in terms of maximum fall in fev1 at 15 minutes after allergen (percent fall in fev1, mean +/- sem: 6.2 +/- 4.9, sm; 5.7 +/- 2.5, sb; 40.4 +/- 6.3, placebo) or the area under the fev1 time curve (auc) for the first 120 minutes after allergen. four hours after challenge, results in the sb-treated and placebo-treated groups were not significantly different and demonstrated a small persistent bronchoconstriction compared to bronchodilatation in the sm-treated group (percent fall in fev1, respectively, 9.3 +/- 3.7, 14.3 +/- 7.1, and -6.3 +/- 2.7; p less than 0.005, sm versus sb; p less than 0.02, sm versus placebo). expressed in terms of auc, only sm significantly reduced bronchoconstriction in the period 120 to 240 minutes after allergen (p less than 0.01).(abstract truncated at 250 words)
exposure to indoor air pollution and its perceived impact on health of women and their children: a household survey in a slum of kolkata, india.
the morphologic features of exosomes were characterized by negative staining electron microscopy. the images were taken by a transmission electron microscope (ht7700 hitachi microscope, tokyo, japan) at 100 kv. two exosome markers, tsg101 and cd63, and lea were detected by western blotting.
the development of a pneumothorax is a recognized complication of ultrasound-guided percutaneous liver biopsy. a way of detecting such a complication using real-time ultrasound is described, whereby the well-visualized liver disappears from the monitor screen. we also discuss the reasons for this occurrence.
although this caused the soldier to take on a significantly less cheery state, he only experienced one more minor bout of depression.
the present study is in agreement with the findings from our pilot study done on a small independent group of 20 breast cancer patients where 3 out of 5 cases with mutations in brca1/2 had early onset disease [27]. thus, it is reasonable to postulate that women with early-onset disease without family history are likely to have a disease associated alteration of the brca1 or brca2 gene. a similar viewpoint has been put forwarded by a study conducted on iranian women where it concluded that early onset breast cancer with a limited family history or without family history [60] is sufficient to justify mutation screening. it is possible that the significant number of early onset patients without reported family history have brca1/2 germ line mutations that are paternally inherited. in many cultures, knowledge of family history of disease is better documented along matrilineal lines, particularly those diseases that are gender restricted.
long read single-molecule real-time sequencing elucidates transcriptome-wide heterogeneity and complexity in esophageal squamous cells.
where they can be transferred to cr3-bearing phagocytes and endocytosed. cr1 and cr2 have been shown to influence the immune environment in a b-cell receptor–independent manner. cr1 also regulates com
the admission to an intensive care unit can result in a significant burden of emotional distress in the family. this study analyzes the psychological distress of 89 relatives of intensive care unit patients and the potential risk/protective factors for such distress. families show high levels of anxiety, depression, and stress. regarding risk factors, having steady partner, being a woman, and being a mother are associated with increased risk of anxiety, depression, and stress. contrarily, being younger and having higher educational level are associated with reduced anxiety and stress. influencing these trends could change positively the suffering course experienced by relatives and intensive care unit patients indirectly.
we thank dr. junjie chen (university of texas m.d. anderson cancer center, usa) for providing sfb-fan1 and dr. jun huang (school of basic medical science, zhejiang university) for providing anti-fan1 antibody. this work was supported by grants from natural science foundation of guangdong province (no. 10251008901000000 to t. k.), ph.d. program foundation of ministry of education of china (no. 20100171110079 to t. k.), and china postdoctoral science foundation (no. 20110490966).
driving factors of retention in care among hiv-positive msm and transwomen in indonesia: a cross-sectional study.
allergic reaction caused by a lip balm-flavored facemask used during inhalational induction: a case report.
effect of downscaling nano-copper interconnects on the microstructure revealed by high resolution tem-orientation-mapping.
[increase in extracellular levels of serotonin and amino acids in the rat brain following cyanide-induced energy failure].
what are specialist mental health clinician attitudes to guideline recommendations for the treatment of depression in young people?
radioactive applicators have been used for conservative therapy of melanomas in the vicinity of the nervus opticus and of melanomas of the ciliary body for a few years. the aim of optimal radiotherapy is to destroy all tumor cells and to protect the optic nerve and macula. therefore, we calculated the dose distributions and isodoses for ruthenium applicators. isodoses show underdosage or overdosage in the tumor area. we also present a calculation model with which it is possible to simulate selective shielding of activated parts of the applicator.
figure 9.  a possible mechanism for the lock-closed effect by four cd2+ ions at sphcn q468c. (left) a key diagram showing the kcsa backbone structure with the equivalent positions for sphcn 462 (as histidine), 466 (as cysteine), and 468 (as cysteine). (top right) a scale view of the inner helices in the kcsa structure from the intracellular side, with the homologous position v115 mutated to cysteine in all four subunits. carbon atoms are white, sulfur atoms are gray, and the hypothetical four cd2+ ions are shown in black. (bottom right) a known example of four cysteines bridging four cd2+ ions in metallothionein (pdb identifier 4mt2; furey et al., 1986), shown at the same scale. not shown are six cysteines making single contacts with the cd2+s, and one more bridge between the top and bottom cd2+ ions. for reference, the cβ–sγ distance in the cysteine side chains is 1.80 å, the cd2+–sγ distances range from 2.45–2.62 å, and the cd2+ coordination is approximately tetrahedral.
the national institute of neurological disorders and stroke describes dyslexia as "difficulty with phonological processing (the manipulation of sounds), spelling, and/or rapid visual-verbal responding".
it’s an idiom that reduces psychological insight to a collection of standardized observations that provides a frozen lexicon to deal with an infinite variety of problems.
the genetic variation in b. fusca populations was assessed for the first time in 1997 [56]. a study using isozyme variation revealed a significant geographic differentiation between populations collected at lake victoria and trans nzoia in kenya. however, no genetic differentiation in relation to the host plant on which b. fusca larvae were collected from could be found, suggesting free movements of b. fusca populations among different host plants within their ecosystems. nine years later, genetic analyses and nested clade phylogeographic analyses (ncpa) separated african b. fusca populations into three mitochondrial clades, one from west africa (w), and two [kenya i (ki) and kenya ii (kii)] from east and central africa [20,57]. the same studies also concluded that there was no discernible effects on the geographic patterns observed in the b. fusca mitochondrial genome in relation to the host plant where the larvae were collected from. it was also demonstrated that clade kii had a greater geographic distribution than ki; it was found in eritrea, ethiopia, kenya, uganda, cameroon, tanzania, zambia, malawi, mozambique, zimbabwe and south africa, whereas ki is restricted to uganda, kenya, ethiopia and eritrea [20,57]. a recent study carried out on the genetic structure and origin of b. fusca populations in cameroon, based on the comparison of the cytochrome b sequences, showed a moderate but significant structuring between the guineo-congolian rain forest and afromontane vegetation mosaics populations. molecular diversity in the guineo-congolian rain forest zone was lower than that in afromontane vegetation, which indicates that the former was most likely the starting point for the colonization of other zones in cameroon [58].
it can be produced through the reaction of sulfate salts and chromium(ii) acetate or, for in situ use, the reduction of chromium(iii) sulfate with zinc.
5 directive 2002/32/ec of the european parliament and of the council of 7 may 2002 on undesirable substances in animal feed. oj l 140, 30.5.2002, p.10.
27. rosalind sg   nutritional assessment, a laboratory manual. profr appl hum nutr univ guelph 1993
seven new polyhydroxylated sterols, as well as the known agosterols a, c, and d2 (8-10), were isolated from a marine sponge acanthodendrilla sp. as proteasome inhibitors. their structures were elucidated on the basis of their spectral data, and they were characterized as agosterol congeners, which had been initially isolated from a marine sponge spongia sp. and reported to reverse multidrug resistance in tumor cells. among them, agosterol c (9) most strongly inhibited chymotrypsin-like activity of the proteasome with an ic50 value of 10 microg/ml.
we report a case of septic thrombosis of the right cavernous sinus in a diabetic woman in her late 70's due to ipsilateral sphenoid sinusitis. the diagnosis was delayed and made only after the abrupt and dramatic appearance of the manifestations of sinus thrombosis. the patient developed, among the other symptoms, right peripheral facial palsy, which is a very rare manifestation in cavernous sinus thrombosis (cst). she was treated with broad-spectrum antibiotics and enoxaparin. the day of the scheduled drainage of sphenoid sinus-24 hours after the initiation of anticoagulation-she developed fatal subarachnoid haemorrhage. our case demonstrates the difficulty of timely diagnosis of acute sphenoid sinusitis which has emerged as the most common primary infectious source potentially leading in cst. it also underscores the uncertainty concerning the use of anticoagulation in cerebral sinus thrombosis of infectious origin.
acutely ill schizophrenic patients treated with loxapine. a clinical study in a community mental health center.
in silico analysis to identify vaccine candidates common to multiple serotypes of shigella and evaluation of their immunogenicity.
1. the extent to which the pattern of breathing at maximal ventilation in man is affected by the mechanical properties of the respiratory pump has been studied. 2. the maximal effort flow volume (mefv) loop has been used to calculate the shortest possible inspiratory (ti) and expiratory (te) durations associated with the highest ventilation for all tidal volumes (vt). these minimal tis and tes hve been plotted on a vt-ti-te diagram. 3. such predicted minimal tis and tes were compared with observed minimal values from five healthy subjects who tried to reach their maximal ventilations during three experimental conditions: maximal voluntary hyperventilation, rebreathing, and graded exercise. 4. we have found that exercise increases the maximal flows at all lung volumes and confirmed that rebreathing has no such effect. 5. during hyperventilation the mechanical limits were followed closely for all vts. during exercise and rebreathing the vt-ti and the vt-te relationships showed a definite maximum of vt at submaximal ventilation in half the cases. the calculated minimal tis and tes were approached but not reached. this indicates that maximal ventilation is not entirely limited by the mechanical properties of the respiratory pump, but that mechanical factors influence the regulation of breathing pattern when ventilation approaches the maximal capacity of the respiratory pump.
nd cr2 deficiency have been found to increase coxsackievirus b3–induced myocarditis, dilated cardiomyopathy, and heart failure by increasing macrophages, interleukin 1-1beta, and immune complex deposi
hamidian m. holt k. e. hall r. m.   (2015 ). genomic resistance island agi1 carrying a complex class 1 integron in a multiply antibiotic-resistant st25 acinetobacter baumannii isolate.
these are polyps which are associated with inflammatory conditions such as ulcerative colitis and crohn's disease.
preservation of level iib lymph nodes during supraomohyoid neck dissection for clinically node-negative oral squamous cell carcinoma.
little is known about whether the recommendations made during telepsychiatry are actually implemented. we reviewed 100 telepsychiatry consultations, chosen randomly from a paediatric telepsychiatry programme serving rural communities in ontario. treatment recommendations had been made for each case reviewed and up to nine recommendations had been made for a single case. twenty-seven percent of recommendations revolved around monitoring (10%), changing (9%), starting (4%), continuing (3%) and stopping (1%) medication. case managers associated with 54 of the cases were interviewed to determine whether the recommendations had been implemented and to examine the barriers and facilitators to implementation. the results indicated that cooperation of both child and parent, clear communication of recommendations, involvement of the school and local health providers, stability of the agencies and availability of services were key components in the successful implementation of recommendations. the matter of technology or technological difficulties acting as a barrier to telepsychiatric consultations was not mentioned by case managers, suggesting that it was not a problem.
one-stage operation was successfully performed in 30-year-old male with annulo aortic ectasia and mitral valve regurgitation secondary to marfan's syndrome. the replacement of the mitral valve was performed through aortic root. the transaortic mitral valve replacement employed here should prove useful for similar cases requiring reconstruction of aortic root and replacement of mitral valve simultaneously in malfan's syndrome.
foremost we would like to thank the cruise leader katharina fabricius, all cruise participants and the crew and captain of the ms chertan during the cruise to papua new guinea in 2013 and 2014. further, we thank pier luigi buttigieg, christian quast and jan gerken for their advice on the bioinformatic and statistical analysis, martina alisch for ta, dic and nutrient measurements and massimiliano molari for extended discussions about co2 seeps.
hepatitis – aspartate aminotransferase (ast) and alanine aminotransferase (alt) elevation with cmv viremia in the absence of any other cause.●
influence of a thread wire saw guide and spinal cord protector device in "en bloc" vertebrectomies.
a new variant of the solid phase synthesis of arginine-containing peptides was proposed. the conditions for the attachment to the wang polymer of n alpha-fmoc-arginine containing a protonated guanidine group were found. we demonstrated that this attachment is accompanied by neither racemization nor the attachment of the second arg residue. side reactions involving the guanidine group of arginine were studied, and methods for their prevention were proposed. the comparison of the carbodiimide method with a 1-hydroxybenzotriazole additive and a modified method with the use of kastro's reagent for the introduction of n alpha-fmoc-arg residue with the unprotected guanidine group into the growing peptide chain demonstrated the advantages of the second method. bradykinin and a peptide corresponding to the 584-591 sequence of the transmembrane gp41 from hiv-1 were synthesized by the method proposed here.
two primary aspects of the results are considered. given the main hypothesis, the effect of the personalisation of robot behaviours on learning outcomes is considered. then, given the continued presence of the robots in the two classrooms for the two week period, an assessment is made of how the children’s perceptions varied over time, both within and between conditions. all data may be found in the supplmentary materials (s2 file). first however, we summarise the characteristics of the interactions in the two conditions.
plagioclase is a major constituent mineral in the earth's crust, and is consequently an important diagnostic tool in petrology for identifying the composition, origin and evolution of igneous rocks.
in 1926, c. m. sternberg collected three partial ornithomimid skeletons (cmn [canadian museum of nature, ottawa, canada] 12068, cmn 12069 and cmn 12070) from the east side of the red deer river (figure 1) in what is now dry island buffalo jump provincial park. here we provide the first description of these specimens. all three specimens lack skulls and forelimbs, making exact taxonomic determination difficult; they are here referred to ornithomimidae due to the elongate metatarsus, relative straightness of the pedal unguals, and the loss of the first pedal digit [1], [13]. the locality represents the first ornithomimid bonebed known outside of asia.
the arp2/3 complex and the formin, diaphanous, are both required to regulate the size of germline ring canals in the developing egg chamber.
to confirm the diagnosis of sarcoidosis a characteristic x-ray and a positive histologic pattern is essential. in most cases one can get the histology by a rather simple bronchoscopy. in cases of negative bronchoscopic findings one should perform a mediastinoscopy, which can be done by an expert thoracic surgeon almost on outpatient basis. in rare cases the final diagnostic step is the open lung biopsy, preferably done on the right thoracic side, as the lung transplanting surgeons recommend for a possible lung transplant the left side.
10.1371/journal.pone.0027336.g004figure 4 cluster map of (a) aromatic prenyltransferases characterized by the pt-barrel fold and (b) membrane-bound aromatic prenyltransferases.
aripiprazole improves associated comorbid conditions in addition to tics in adult patients with gilles de la tourette syndrome.
when human skin fibroblasts were incubated with mononuclear cells (mnc) from 6 patients with dermatomyositis (dm), striking attachment of mnc around fibroblasts was observed. simultaneously, cell number and 3h-thymidine incorporation of fibroblasts after 4 days of incubation were significantly decreased. mnc of normal subjects, of patients with systemic lupus erythematosus, myasthenia gravis, rheumatoid arthritis, and other miscellaneous diseases with skin manifestations did not show this effect. mnc of patients with dm did not adhere to kym-1 cells (human rhabdomyosarcoma cell-line) and did not inhibit cell proliferation of these cells. our study strongly suggests that cell mediated injury of fibroblasts might play an important role in the pathogenesis of dm.
ruiz estrada m.a.  koutronas e.   the networks infection contagious diseases positioning system (nicdp-system): the case of wuhan-covid-19 2020 available at: ssrn 3548413
the mesosoma is more robust and the third funicular segment is extremely short and as long as the second segment, while it is twice as long in "s. freyi".
method: data were derived from an ecosystemic needs assessment based on a multiple case study design (jasmin et al., 2014). a multiple case study design was chosen because it can be used to describe and analyze, in-depth, a particular social phenomenon in its real context (yin, 2009). participants included ten children with dcd, their parents (n = 12) and their teachers (n = 9). individual semi-structured interviews were conducted with each participant. qualitative data were analyzed according to miles and huberman (2003).
guided imagery refers to a technique used in natural and alternative medicine that involves using mental imagery to help with the physiological and psychological ailments of patients.
a trimolecular complex of c1q, 2 molecules of c1r, and 2 molecules of c1s held together by calcium. the other is an activation unit of c2, c3, and c4. the sequence starts with the binding of 2 or mor
understanding and application of an electroplating sludge-derived catalyst with an active texture for improved no reduction.
8 sun jp  asher cr  yang xs    clinical and echocardiographic characteristics of papillary fibroelastomas: a retrospective and prospective study in 162 patients circulation 2001 103 2687 2693 11390338
recent years have witnessed a global increase in allergy and asthma, particularly in developed countries. attempts to develop effective control measures for allergy and asthma resulted in the exploration of alternate medicines including herbal remedies traditionally used in old world countries. turmeric is known for its multiple health restoring properties, and has been used in treating several diseases including several respiratory disorders. turmeric is a common spice used in the culinary preparations in south and east asian countries. the active component of turmeric is curcumin, a polyphenolic phytochemical, with anti-inflammatory, antiamyloid, antiseptic, antitumor, and antioxidative properties. curcumin was reported to have antiallergic properties with inhibitory effect on histamine release from mast cells. the effectiveness of curcumin in allergy and asthma has been further investigated using a murine model of allergy. the results indicate a marked inhibition of allergic response in animals treated with curcumin suggesting a major role for curcumin in reducing the allergic response. the present review focuses on the results of research aimed to understand the immunomodulation induced by curcumin and its associated roles in the amelioration of allergy. these findings needed further evaluation, extrapolation, and confirmation before using curcumin for controlling allergy and asthma in humans.
participants also commented that this search engine was useful for suggesting spelling corrections when errors were made, as medicine names were sometimes difficult to spell. a few participants reported preferring google as their search engine of choice specifically for health-related searches but were unable to explain reasons for their preference.
unoglobulin a, and polysaccharides and forms an important part of the defense mechanism independent of the immune response. here, c3b binds to factor b that is cleaved by factor d to bb. c3bbb complex
kariotypes of rat fibroblasts during "spontaneous" malignant transformation in monostratal cultures.
we also analyzed leukocyte infiltration in the corticomedullary region of the kidneys by staining neutrophils and monocytes with naphthol as-d chloroacetate esterase as described previously [14], [19]. renal leukocyte infiltration increased 18-fold and 5–fold in the 9 and 17 week old db/db mice, respectively, when compared to 9 and 17 week old db/m mice ± suramin (fig. 3). it should be noted that renal leukocyte levels were higher in 17 week old db/m mice ± suramin when compared to 9 week old db/m mice ± suramin (fig. 3). renal leukocytes in 17 week old db/db mice were 2.5-fold higher than 9 week old db/db mice (fig. 3a). suramin intervention in 9 and 17 week old db/db mice restored renal leukocyte infiltration levels back to respective control levels (fig. 3). thus, suramin is effective in reducing the numbers of infiltrating leukocytes into the kidney.
when a droplet with a higher density falls in a miscible solution, the droplet deforms and breaks up. the instability of a vortex ring, formed by droplet deformation during the falling process, causes the breakup. to determine the origin of the instability, the wavelengths and thicknesses of the vortex rings are investigated at the time when the instability occurs. the experimental results are almost in agreement with the calculated results for the rayleigh-taylor instability using the thickness of a higher-density solution. furthermore, we performed simulations considering the torus shapes and circulations of the vortex ring. the simulations provided patterns similar to those observed experimentally for the breakup process, and showed that the circulations suppress the instability of the vortex ring. these results imply that the rayleigh-taylor instability plays a dominant role in the instability of vortex rings.
prior research has found dampened anticipatory pleasure but relatively intact consummatory pleasure in people with first-episode and more chronic schizophrenia, but no study has examined anticipatory and consummatory pleasure across the schizophrenia spectrum. to confirm the factor structure of the chinese version of the temporal experience pleasure scale (teps), which measures four components of anhedonia, we recruited 364 people with schizophrenia for confirmatory factor analysis. to examine anhedonia in people across the schizophrenia spectrum, we recruited people with first-episode (n=76) and chronic schizophrenia (n=45), people with schizotypal traits (n=210), first-degree relatives (n=45) of people with schizophrenia and healthy controls. deficit in abstract anticipatory pleasure appeared to be most severe in people with chronic schizophrenia, while dampened abstract consummatory pleasure was observed in people with schizotypal personality features and in people with chronic schizophrenia. in addition, both abstract anticipatory and abstract consummatory pleasure were negatively correlated with negative schizotypal personality features and schizophrenia symptoms. our results suggest that deficits in anticipatory pleasure are present across the schizophrenia spectrum, particularly in the abstract domain.
this study was supported by the ‘ecology and management of natural resources of the roraima’s savanna project (ppi-inpa prj 015/122). mama was supported by a postgraduate fellowship provided by the coordenação de aperfeiçoamento de pessoal de nível superior (capes) obtained through the programa de pós-graduação em recursos naturais da universidade federal de roraima (pronat/ufrr), and rib was supported by a fellowship granted by the national council for scientific and technological development of brazil (cnpq 303081/2011-2). the authors thank andrea flores (femarh/mirr) and rodrigo schutz rodrigues (ufrr) to make available a workspace in the herbarium ufrr, and heleno parente (inpa) and paulo atlântico de figueiredo amorim (faculdades cathedral), for collaborations in the field work.
thrombocytopenia, elevated serum levels of liver enzymes and an elevated or rising level of uric acid are more prominent in preeclampsia than lupus nephritis. however, thrombocytopenia may also be seen in association with antiphospholipid antibodies (apls), thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura, and immune thrombocytopenia, each of which may complicate pregnancy in women with sle.the onset of these overlapping symptoms before 20 weeks of gestation is more consistent with lupus nephritis. renal biopsy could help differentiate the two conditions, but the higher risk of complications during pregnancy limits the use in pregnancy. (see "acute kidney injury in pregnancy".)treating active sle — the treatment of active sle during pregnancy is guided by the severity and degree of organ involvement, similar to patients in the non-pregnant state. treatment should not be withheld due to pregnancy; however, some medications used to treat sle may cross the placenta and cause fetal harm. thus, the risks and benefits of treatment during pregnancy must be weighed against the risk of sle activity having a deleterious effect on the mother and the fetus. the most commonly used medications used to treat patients with sle are reviewed above (see 'medications' above). the use of immunosuppressive drugs during pregnancy is discussed in detail separately. (see "safety of rheumatic disease medication use during pregnancy and lactation".)a detailed discussion regarding the treatment of active lupus is presented separately. (see "overview of the management and prognosis of systemic lupus erythematosus in adults", section on 'pharmacologic therapies'.)lupus nephritis in pregnancy requires special consideration because of its potential morbidity and possible confusion with preeclampsia. (see 'lupus nephritis' above and 'preeclampsia versus lupus nephritis' above.)breastfeeding
54. zuniga j.m.  peck j.  srivastava r.  katsavelis d.  carson a.   an open source 3d-printed transitional hand prosthesis for children jpo j. prosthet. orthot. 2016 28 103 108 10.1097/jpo.0000000000000097
studies using immunosuppressive or immunomodulating treatments, therefore, were difficult to translate into an effective, routine therapy for children or adults with myocarditis. many patients with myocarditis have spontaneous improvement. it is difficult to know if the observed improvement after treatment with immunosuppression or intravenous immune globulin is attributable to treatment versus the natural course of the disease. potentially, some aetiologic types of myocarditis respond differently, and certain histologic characteristics may make specific patients better responders than others [9], [11], [79]. further studies are needed to determine the possible utility of immunosuppressive or immunomodulating therapy.
an alternative to whole limbal tissue transplantation is to use stem cell therapy, where stem cells and other cells resident in the niches are isolated and expanded. for corneal epithelium reconstruction, the technique is called “cultivated limbal epithelial transplantation” (clet), first reported successful in two cases by pellegrini et al. in 1997 [21]. in this procedure, the donor limbal tissue is cultivated in vitro, allowing the cells to proliferate. the required amount of tissue is fairly small (1-2 × 1-2 mm limbal biopsy), which decreases the risk of lscd in the donor eye in unilateral cases. it also makes it possible, at least in theory, to remove the small biopsy even if the contralateral donor eye has some limbal damage. when the disease is bilateral and the lscd is complete, the transplant must be allogeneic. because the source of the expanded cadaveric tissue can be small and the cultured limbal stem cells may have unique immunoprotective properties [3, 22], patients subjected to clet require lower doses of immunosuppressive therapy for a shorter period of time than those undergoing whole limbal transplantation.
the diagnosis of allergic conjunctivitis is made clinically based upon a suggestive clinical history and consistent signs and symptoms. the presence of itching is particularly helpful in distinguishing allergic conjunctivitis from other conditions. (see 'diagnosis' above.)●
electron paramagnetic resonance (epr) spectroscopy has been employed to investigate the effect of solid-state molecular organization on the reaction of thiyl radicals with thiols. in an irradiated c18h37sh/thiourea clathrate, the conversion of thiyl to perthiyl radicals is substantial, due to the head-to-head arrangement of the reactants within the channels and the suppression of other possible competing reactions due to hindrance by the clathrate walls. the perthiyl radical was identified using epr analysis of its molecular dynamics within the clathrate channels. irradiated polyethylene film containing 30% c18h37sh afforded a negligible conversion of thiyl to perthiyl radicals because of the random distribution of reactants. these results suggest that in the absence of favorable structure-control effects, the reaction between rs* and rsh is unimportant with respect to other competing reactions. perthiyl radicals are also the major product in the vacuum solid-state radiolysis of lysozyme. a proposal of the mechanism involved in all cases is based on the equilibrium rs* + rsh <==> rss*(h)r, followed by the irreversible conversion of the sulfuranyl radical to the perthiyl radical. as the equilibrium is strongly shifted to the left, the intermediate sulfuranyl radicals were not detected, but the lack of other competing reactions for the thiyl radicals caused the formation of perthiyl radicals to become the major path in the clathrate and in solid lysozyme radiolysis.
itching in a trichophytin contact dermatitis mouse model and the antipruritic effect of antifungal agents.
impact of the mode of conception on gestational hypertensive disorders at very advanced maternal age.
high resolution lc-ms(n) fragmentation pattern of palytoxin as template to gain new insights into ovatoxin-a structure. the key role of calcium in ms behavior of palytoxins.
baselines thus established were used to calibrate geodetic distance measurement equipment, leading to a metrologically traceable scale for geodetic networks measured by these instruments.
[function of the international committee of systematic bacteriology and approved bacterial nomenclature].
11 lu j , hou r , booth cj , yang sh , snyder m  (2006 ) defined culture conditions of human embryonic stem cells . proc natl acad sci u s a 103 : 5688 –5693 16595624
plasma lipid composition, platelet aggregation, cholesterol (ch)/glycoprotein iib-iiia (gp) and phospholipid (ph)/gp molar ratios, fatty acid composition and structural order (1, 6-diphenyl-1, 3, 5-hexatriene (dph) fluorescence anisotropy at 35 degrees c (r(dph,35)) of human platelet plasma membranes (hppm) were measured in four dph,35 groups of hyperlipidemic patients (ii: plasma ch < 250 mg/dl and tg (triglycerides) <220 mg/dl, n = 21; iii: ch > 250 mg/dl and tg < 220 mg/dl, n = 23; iv: ch < 250 mg/dl and tg > 220 mg/dl, n = 18; and v: ch > 250 mg/dl and tg > 220 mg/dl, n = 12) and compared with those of the control group (i). our results were: (i) in groups iii, iv and v the hppm (ch + ph)/gp molar ratio increased 7.0+/-7.7% (mean sd); (ii) the ph/gp molar ratio increased significantly in groups iii, iv and v, but most in iv and v, while the ch/gp molar ratio increased only in groups iii and v; (iii) the mean relative increase of ch with respect to ph in the hppm of groups iii, iv and v was 140% 21% and 54%, respectively; (iv) the ch/gp molar ratio was correlated with ldl-ch (0.41+/-0.16, p < 0.002, n = 55, for all the subjects and 0.60+/-0.11, p < 2.10(-4), n = 33, for subjects with tg < 220 mg/dl), however, it was totally uncorrelated with hdl-ch; (v) the hppm ch/ph molar ratio was positively correlated with plasma ch (r = 0.51+/-0.08, p < 1.10(-6), n = 83) and with (ldl + hdl) ch (r = 0.64+/-0.07, p < 1.10(-6), n = 73), the former correlation increased significantly ( r = 0.67+/-0.07, p < 1.10(-6), n = 53) when done only for subjects with tg < 220 mg/dl; (vi) the ch/ph molar ratio was only increased in group iii (0.70+/-0.03, p < 3.10(-5), n = 23) and decreased in group iv (0.62+/-0.02, p < 0.001, n = 18); (vii) the fatty acid/gp molar ratio was significantly increased in groups iv and v, however, a significant absolute and relative increase of c16:0 and c18:1 was observed only in severe hypertriglyceridemia (> 500 mg/dl), together with a relative decrease of c18:0 and c20:4 ( n - 6); (viii) the hppm structural order, as probed by r(dph,35), was negatively correlated with dph,35 plasma tg (r =- 0.61+/-0.10, p < 4.10(-5), n = 39), the ph/gp molar ratio (r =-0.58+/-0.10, p < 2.10(-4), n = 39) and the the (c18:1 + c18:2))/gp molar ratio (r =- 0.80+/-0.05, p < 1.10(-6), n = 39), however, it was independent of plasma and hppm ch; (ix) the higher hppm ch/ph molar ratio in group iii was associated (r = 0.58+/-0.12, p < 0.005, n = 22) with a moderately higher platelet reactivity to collagen. we conclude that ch and ph were distinctly incorporated to hppm in the different groups of hyperlipidemia and, therefore, that the absolute increase of ch and ph was more informative to understand the structural and functional modifications of the hppm in hyperlipidemias, than the ch/ph molar ratio. on the other hand, the r was sensitive to the dph,35 increase in the content of hppm ph and c18:1 + c18:2 and it was insensitive to the increase in the ch content.
elimination controversies are ubiquitous in philosophy and the human sciences. for example, it has been suggested that human races, hysteria, intelligence, mental disorder, propositional attitudes such as beliefs and desires, the self, and the super-ego should be eliminated from the list of respectable entities in the human sciences. i argue that eliminativist proposals are often presented in the framework of an oversimplified "phlogiston model" and suggest an alternative account that describes ontological elimination on a gradual scale between criticism of empirical assumptions and conceptual choices.
75. marti, c. morphologie von verzweigten gerinnen: ansätze zur abfluss-, geschiebetransport-und kolktiefenberechnung, eth zurich, (2006).
however, as for most ion-molecule reactions speculated to be important in interstellar environments, this pathway has not been verified by laboratory studies.
the present set of experiments investigated the bereitschaftspotential (bp) preceding voluntary bimanual sequential simple (task 1) and complex movements (task 2) in supplementary/cingulate and primary motor areas (scma, mis) using 64-channel direct current electroencephalography analysis in 16 right-handed healthy subjects. the results showed that: (1) onset times of bps preceding the two tasks were significantly earlier at cz than at c3 and c4, (2) the complex task induced significantly larger amplitudes than the simple task over the scma 1.1 s before emg onset (bpi period), over the scma and both mis for the bp2 period, extending from the scma and mis to all frontocentral, central, centroparietal, and frontal areas during the motor potential period, (3) task difference prior to 0.96 s mainly appeared in the scma rather than in either mi, (4) the bp had a significantly larger amplitude in the scma than in the mis, the differences being asymmetric between the left and the right hemisphere motor areas, and (5) the sinks of bp current source density (csd) preceding the two tasks were found in the frontocentral midline; and the regions and intensities of csd maps were larger and stronger in task 2 than they were in task i at the same times of the epoch. the results suggested that: (1) the scma and mis participate in bimanual sequential simple or complex movements, (2) the scma appears to not only serve as a trigger command for voluntary movement but also seems to design the different motor modes, (3) the amplitude, duration, onset time, csd region, and intensity of bp all increase with the level of complexity of the movement, (4) the greater the complexity of the action, the earlier the preparation and the larger the extent of activated neuronal populations in the scma, (5) activation of the scma occurred prior to that of the mi, and (6) the activation suggests an asymmetry between left and right mis in simultaneous bilateral finger movement, but this asymmetry seems to be less pronounced for complex movements.
synonymous nucleotide variation is increasingly recognized as a factor than can affect protein expression, but the underlying mechanisms are incompletely understood. here, we investigated whether synonymous changes could affect expression of the potassium voltage-gated channel subfamily h member 2 (
other biologically important derivatives of deoxyribose include mono-, di-, and triphosphates, as well as 3′-5′ cyclic monophosphates.
the paper presents an overview of the afrotropical genus tumicla wallengren, 1863 and the updated checklist of all currently known species of this genus belonging to the tribe lithosiini. we propose 18 new combinations: tumicla atricraspeda (hampson, 1914), comb. nov., t. calimerae (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. congoensis (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. dimidiata (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. distyi (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. doa (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. eala (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. fasciata (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. gigantea (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. hermanni (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. mutabilis (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., t. retromaculata (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. rosea (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. rubea (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. russula (kiriakoff, 1963), comb. nov., t. similis (durante, 2008), comb. nov., t. spinata (kühne, 2007), comb. nov., and t. versicolor (kühne, 2007), comb. nov. two new species of tumicla, t. tsonga sp. nov. and t. arktos sp. nov. are described from southern mozambique.
point 8. i applaud the authors for making their materials and data available. i downloaded these and i was able to read in the data files, but i couldn’t make much sense of many of the variables in the data files. i would suggest including a document that lays out clearly what the variables are, what the levels of those variables are coded as, etc. it would be great if the authors also included their analysis scripts.
3. devries km  mak jyt  garcía-moreno c  petzold m  child jc  falder g    the global prevalence of intimate partner violence against women science 2013 340 6140 1527 8 10.1126/science.1240937 23788730
because the majority of patients who develop dr have no symptoms and the rate of progression may be rapid, it is important to screen patients with diabetes regularly for the development of retinal disease (table 2). (see "diabetic retinopathy: screening".)●
outbreaks of infectious bursal disease (ibd) still continue to afflict the tunisian poultry industry even in those flocks where the vaccination program is strictly applied. to characterize the viruses that circumvent protection provided by vaccination, field isolates of infectious bursal disease virus (ibdv) obtained from vaccinated flocks that have repeatedly experienced ibdv outbreak episodes were analyzed from bursal samples by reverse transcription coupled with polymerase chain reaction and dideoxynucleotide sequencing of the vp2 hypervariable region. although sequence data were obtained from samples collected from three distinct flocks over a period of 3 years, only limited sequence variation has been observed. the few nucleotide changes were silent and the deduced amino acid sequences were identical. thus, the virus population that predominates in the field seems to represent a homogeneous antigenic pool. compared with the vp2 sequences of several ibdv strains, this predominant pool was found to be closely related to the very virulent (vv) ibdv viruses described in europe and asia. sequence and phylogenetic analysis of the precursor polyprotein coding sequence of a representative tunisian isolate further confirmed its assignment to the vv genotype. the deduced amino acid sequence of the whole polyprotein of the tunisian isolate was found to be identical to a south korean ibdv strain. alignment of the polyprotein amino acid sequence of 35 ibdv strains identified additional mutations outside the vp2 variable domain and which occur frequently in vv strains. based on this comparative analysis, the set of amino acid residues that should represent a typical vv profile involves ala222, ile242, ile256, ile294, leu451, tyr680, n685, ser715, asp751, val990, and ala1005. such a combination of amino acid changes was observed for the majority of vvibdv strains that define a distinct phylogroup.
30 sow so  tapia md  diallo s   haemophilus influenzae  type b conjugate vaccine introduction in mali: impact on disease burden and serologic correlate of protection am j trop med hyg 80 2009 1033 1038 19478272
a number of antibody features exhibit similar patterns of correlation with function; these can largely be explained by correlations among the features themselves. indeed, hierarchical clustering of the feature correlation profiles (fig 2b) reveals that the features are not independent but in fact the true dimensionality of the data is lower than the number of original columns. the figure highlights six clusters of mutually correlated features formed by bisecting the dendrogram as indicated to strike a balance between the number of clusters and their visual coherence. an array of statistical methods to determine an optimal number of clusters gave substantially different answers from each other, though the optimal partitions they identified were largely consistent how one might manually divide the dendrogram (results not shown). some of these clusters are defined by ab subclass (each igg subclass dominates one cluster), while others are defined by antigen specificity (v1v2 and p24 clusters are also observed). correlations between igg1 and igg3-defined clusters are also observed. the combination of the feature:feature clustering and the feature:function correlations observed suggests that different groups of subjects produce characteristically different antibody responses, yielding different functional outcomes.
our objectives were to determine if porcine serum could be enriched with selenium (se) by feeding pigs with high concentrations of dietary se and if the se-biofortified serum inhibited proliferation of 3 types of human cancer cells. in expt. 1, growing pigs (8 wk old, n = 3) were fed 0.02 or 3.0 mg se/kg (as sodium selenite) for 16 wk and produced serum with 0.5 and 5.4 μmol/l se, respectively. in expt. 2, growing pigs (5 wk old, n = 6) were fed 0.3 or 1.0 mg se/kg (as se-enriched yeast) for 6 wk and produced serum with 2.6 and 6.2 μmol/l se, respectively. after the se-biofortified porcine sera were added at 16% in rpmi 1640 to treat nci-h446, du145, and htc116 cells for 144 h, they decreased (p < 0.05) the viability of the 3 types of human cancer cells by promoting apoptosis, compared with their controls. this effect was replicated only by adding the appropriate amount of methylseleninic acid to the control serum and was mediated by a downregulation of 8 cell cycle arrest genes and an upregulation of 7 apoptotic genes. along with 6 previously reported selenoprotein genes, selenoprotein t (selt), selenoprotein m (selm), selenoprotein h (selh), selenoprotein k (selk), and selenoprotein n (sepn1) were revealed to be strongly associated with the cell death-related signaling induced by the se-enriched porcine serum. in conclusion, porcine serum could be biofortified with se to effectively inhibit the proliferation of 3 types of human cancer cells and the action synchronized with a matrix of coordinated functional expression of multiple selenoprotein genes.
adhesion g-protein-coupled receptors (gpcrs) are a major family of gpcrs, but limited knowledge of their ligand regulation or structure is available
nf-kappab activation, dependent on acetylation/deacetylation, contributes to hif-1 activity and migration of bone metastatic breast carcinoma cells.
the ucla population studies of chronic obstructive respiratory disease. vi. relationship of physiologic factors to rate of change in forced expiratory volume in one second and forced vital capacity.
table 4 illustrates that bed number used for patient's observation is varying from few beds to 96 in al-jumhori teaching hospital. lighting, electricity supply, air conditioning, ability to comply with fire and ambulance transportation (no helicopter or buses) are on hand. sound control, patient call facilities, communication infrastructure contingency (e.g. walkie-talkies, ham radios, text messaging systems, etc.) does not exist in all units. the shortage in medication and urgent vaccines is a problem in all eds, kit-monitors, pumps and blood gas machines are not available. pulse oximetry monitoring was available with maintenance of sufficient supplies for 7–10 days and was seen in two-third of the eds. essential requirements are neither easily accessible, nor clearly labeled; the staff is educated on the location of all items with daily verification for proper location and function in half of the eds.
assessment of nursing management and utilization of nursing resources with the rafaela patient classification system--case study from the general wards of one central hospital.
artificially expanded genetic information systems (aegiss) as potent inhibitors of the rna-dependent rna polymerase of the sars-cov-2.
the fig. 9 is a summary of the synaptic relations of various neuronal elements of the neostriatum. striatal neurons receive convergent excitatory inputs from the cerebral cortex, the intralaminar thalamus, the substantia nigra (pars compacta) and the dorsal raphe nucleus. the striatal projection neurons are numerous and medium spiny neurons are at least one type of projection neurons which receive direct convergent excitation from extrinsic afferents. the resultant influence of this excitation is directed, in turn, not only to extra-striatal target neurons, but also extensively to cells within the neostriatum. the action of the medium spiny projection neurons is inhibitory and most likely gaba-ergic.
utilizing the gel electrophoresis/dna binding assay and a new technique of direct binding of radioactive dna to protein blots, we have investigated putative factors selective for the camp-responsive element (cre) of the lactate dehydrogenase a subunit promoter in rat ovary nuclear extracts. analysis of linker-scanning mutants of lactate dehydrogenase a subunit promoter fragments by dna binding assay identified dna binding activity selective for the 11-nucleotide sequence 5' tctgacgtcag 3' located between positions -51 and -41 relative to the transcription initiation site. this sequence contains the previously identified cre 5' tgacgtca 3'. probing of protein blots with radioactive promoter fragments containing the cre demonstrated that ovarian nuclear extracts contain a protein of relative molecular mass 47,000 (mr 47,000) which exhibits selective binding affinity for the cre. the 47-kda cre binding protein was found to be present in comparable levels in the ovaries of normal and hypophysectomized rats. furthermore, our data suggest the presence of a 37,000-dalton (mr 37,000) protein which possesses selective binding affinity for part of the cre sequence. the binding activity/level of the 37-kda cre binding protein appeared to be modulated by short-term hypophysectomy/follicle-stimulating hormone administration. these results provide evidence for the presence of cre binding factors in rat ovarian nuclei, which may be involved in the molecular events responsible for transcriptional regulation of ovarian camp-inducible genes.
peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor alpha activation-mediated regulation of endothelin-1 production via nitric oxide and protein kinase c signaling pathways in piglet cerebral microvascular endothelial cell culture.
after increasing steadily for 15 years the cesarean section rate in ontario stabilized at 20.2 per 100 deliveries in the fiscal years 1986-87 and 1987-88. an important factor in the stabilization was a decrease in the rate of repeat section. the diagnosis and management of dystocia and fetal distress continue to put upward pressure on the cesarean section rate, which is higher than would be expected if recent practice guidelines had been fully implemented. there is a need for further research into the appropriate management of labour and delivery and into more targeted techniques for bringing practice into line with appropriate standards of care.
fig. 4 kaplan-maier survival curves of 196 male aj centenarians (n = 102) and control (n = 94) of d3-ghr in recessive model [homozygous ghr deletion of exon 3 (d3-ghr) versus heterozygote (het) and wt combined].
current trends in health care delivery and management such as predictive and personalized health care incorporating information and communication technologies, home-based care, health prevention and promotion through patients' empowerment, care coordination, community health networks and governance represent exciting possibilities to dramatically improve health care. however, as a whole, current health care trends involve a fragmented and scattered array of practices and uncoordinated pilot projects. the present paper describes an innovative and integrated model incorporating and "assembling" best practices and projects of new innovations into an overarching health care system that can effectively address the multidimensional health care challenges related to aging patient especially with chronic health issues. the main goal of the proposed model is to address the emerging health care challenges of an aging population and stimulate improved cost-efficiency, effectiveness, and patients' well-being. the proposed home-based and community-centered integrated healthcare management system may facilitate reaching the persons in their natural context, improving early detection, and preventing illnesses. the system allows simplifying the health care institutional structures through interorganizational coordination, increasing inclusiveness and extensiveness of health care delivery. as a consequence of such coordination and integration, future merging efforts of current health care approaches may provide feasible solutions that result in improved cost-efficiency of health care services and simultaneously increase the quality of life, in particular, by switching the center of gravity of health delivery to a close relationship of individuals in their communities, making best use of their personal and social resources, especially effective in health delivery for aging persons with complex chronic illnesses.
evidence of interspecific chromosomal diversification in rainbowfishes (melanotaeniidae, teleostei).
fig 8 shows the mean thresholds transformed to δe*uv units for the cct condition (values from fig 6a) of experiment 1 for the two illumination change directions (towards yellowish illuminants, yellow circles; towards bluish illuminants, blue circles) in relation with the reference illuminant (u´, = 0.1968; v´ = 0.4663) for normal observers (n), protanopes (p) or deuteranopes (d). fig 8 also represents the colour discrimination thresholds along daylight locus (yellow/blue dashes). these discrimination thresholds loci were estimated from the discrimination ellipses obtained using an in-house adaptation [20] of the ucdt [25]. the two intersections (bluish/yellowish illuminants) between the individual’s discrimination ellipse and the corresponding illuminant segment of the line represented in fig 2 were calculated. these values are the estimations of the colour discrimination thresholds along daylight locus in fig 8 (blue/yellow dashes).
vasopressin (avp) and oxytocin (ot) are two nonapeptides differing at position 3, in the cyclic part of the peptide, and at position 8, in the c-terminal tripeptide. in this study, we have evaluated the interactions between these two positions of the hormones and the oxytocin receptor (otr), the v1a and the v2 vasopressin receptors. the contribution of these two positions to receptor selectivity was analyzed by using several peptide analogues bearing substitutions at either position 3 or 8. the putative interactions between receptor residues and hormone residues at position 3 and 8 were then deduced by using a three dimensional model of the neurohypophysial hormones docked into their respective receptors. on the basis of this model, we found that the lateral chain of residue 8 might interact with residues located in the first extracellular loop. by using site-directed mutagenesis on the cloned receptors, we identified a non-conserved residue in the first extracellular loop that interacts with the lateral chain of residue 8 in the hormone. we demonstrated that this interaction is crucial for receptor selectivity to the different agonists.
35. patra kc hay n  . the pentose phosphate pathway and cancer . trends biochem sci.  (2014 ) 39 :347 –54 . 10.1016/j.tibs.2014.06.005 25037503
after exposure to a bloodborne pathogen, exposed mucous membranes should be flushed with water. wounds and skin sites that have been in contact with blood or body fluids should be washed with soap and water. (see 'wound care' above.)●
when the magnetic field through the core changes, the magnetization of the core material changes by expansion and contraction of the tiny magnetic domains it is composed of, due to movement of the domain walls.
23 shrestha k , wilson e , gay h . ecological and environmental study of eupatorium adenophorum sprengel (banmara) with reference to its gall formation in gorkha-langtang route, nepal . journal of natural history museum . 2009 ;23 :108 –24 .
this study investigated the hypothesis that hypercapnia in some chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) patients may be related to a high cerebrovascular response to carbon dioxide (co2). the relationship between responses of ventilation and of cerebral blood volume (cbv) to acute changes in carbon dioxide tension in arterial blood (pa,co2) was measured in 17 chronic hypercapnic (pa,co2 >6.0 kpa) and 16 normocapnic (pa,co2 < or = 6.0 kpa) copd patients, who were matched for degree of airway obstruction (forced expiratory volume in one second 27% predicted). results were compared with 15 age-matched healthy subjects. cbv was measured using near infrared spectroscopy during normo- and hypercapnia and related to inspired minute ventilation (v'i) and mouth occlusion pressure (p0.1). hypercapnia (end-tidal pressure of carbon dioxide (deltapet,co2) > 1 kpa) was induced by giving adequate amounts of co2 in the inspired air. during normocapnia, cbv (ml x 100 g(-1)) was 2.41+/- 0.66 and 2.90 +/- 0.60 (mean +/- sd) in the normocapnic and chronic hypercapnic patients, respectively, which was significantly lower compared to healthy subjects (3.53 +/- 0.77). all slopes of co2 responsiveness (deltacbv/deltapa,co2, deltav'i/deltapa,co2, deltap0.1/deltapa,co2) were significantly lower in both copd groups relative to healthy subjects, but were not significantly different between the copd groups. a poor but positive correlation between ventilatory and cerebrovascular co2 responsiveness (deltacbv/deltapa,co2 and deltav'i/deltapa,co2) was found in copd patients and healthy subjects. the findings do not support the hypothesis of abnormal cerebrovascular responses to carbon dioxide in hypercapnic chronic obstructive pulmonary disease patients.
dark-purple or black grain kernels, known as ergot bodies, can be identifiable in the heads of cereal or grass just before harvest.
inhibitor (c1-inh). deficiencies in c1-inh allow unchecked activation of the classic complement pathway and other biochemical systems including the bradykinin system. patients can present with any com
the 3'utr of the ctgf/hcs24 gene in chicken has also been shown to be involved in repression of gene expression.
wozniak r. a. waldor m. k.   (2010 ). integrative and conjugative elements: mosaic mobile genetic elements enabling dynamic lateral gene flow.
neurological symptoms (discussed below) are more common in those with the severe form of the abdominal disease.
recently, boyle and colleagues have proposed an “omnigenic” model for disease-related complex traits, “we propose that gene regulatory networks are sufficiently interconnected such that all genes expressed in disease-relevant cells are liable to affect the functions of core disease-related genes and that most heritability can be explained by effects on genes outside core pathways” (boyle et al., 2017). this model fully supports our finding: “core disease-related genes” are corresponding to “molecular nodes”, and “extensive interconnected gene regulatory networks” are corresponding to our “edge-states”. we believe that the edges/associations among small number of bio-molecules derived from plasma can be used for definition of global biological states of the body due to the extensive interconnection of bio-molecules in a biological system. and, just because of this reason, we first endeavored to establish the entire workflow by integrating the proteomics and metabolomics data to illuminating the value of edge-states for this type of complex network analysis behind gastric bypass surgery.
no metastases to lymph nodes and other organs were found, and 9-months of follow-up did not reveal any tumor progression.
other reasons for bowel diversion did not statistically differ between the 2 groups (table 5) and were stated as following: level of the anastomosis <6 cm from the anal verge in 4 patients (6.7%, 1/12 pds and 10.3%, 3/29 in ids; p=0.127); non-tension-free anastomosis in 2 patients (none in pds and 6.9%, 2/29 in ids; p=0.892), spillage at air test (none in pds and 3.4%, 1/29 in ids; p=0.498).
this study provides a theoretical basis for the pathogenesis of ictev. future studies will investigate how hoxd13 regulates gli3 during limb development and will provide a clearer mechanism for the pathogenesis of ictev.
the sigma 1 receptor (s1r) is a unique transmembrane protein that has been shown to regulate neuronal differentiation and cellular survival. it is expressed within several cell types throughout the nervous system and visceral organs, including neurons and glia within the eye. s1r ligands are therapeutic targets for diseases ranging from neurodegenerative conditions to neoplastic disorders. however, effects of s1r activation and inhibition within glia cells are not well characterized. within the eye, the astrocytes at the optic nerve head are crucial to the health and survival of the neurons that send visual information to the brain. in this study, we used the s1r-specific agonist, (+)-pentazocine, to evaluate s1r activation within optic nerve head-derived astrocytes (onhas). treatment of onhas with (+)-pentazocine attenuated the level and duration of stress-induced erk phosphorylation following oxidative stress exposure and promoted survival of onhas. these effects were specific to s1r activation because they were not observed in onhas that were depleted of s1r using sirna-mediated knockdown. collectively, our results suggest that s1r activation suppresses erk1/2 phosphorylation and protects onhas from oxidative stress-induced death.
cian should understand that, because the plasma may supply the substrate for bradykinin generation, attacks can at times worsen before they improve. at the time of this report there is no consensus on
titrimetric determination of volatile fatty acids (vfas) contents is a common way to monitor a biogas process. however, digested manure from co-digestion biogas plants has a complex matrix with high concentrations of interfering components, resulting in varying results when using different titration procedures. currently, no standardized procedure is used and it is therefore difficult to compare the performance among plants. the aim of this study was to evaluate four titration procedures (for determination of vfa-levels of digested manure samples) and compare results with gas chromatographic (gc) analysis. two of the procedures are commonly used in biogas plants and two are discussed in literature. the results showed that the optimal titration results were obtained when 40 ml of four times diluted digested manure was gently stirred (200 rpm). results from samples with different vfa concentrations (1-11 g/l) showed linear correlation between titration results and gc measurements. however, determination of vfa by titration generally overestimated the vfa contents compared with gc measurements when samples had low vfa concentrations, i.e. around 1 g/l. the accuracy of titration increased when samples had high vfa concentrations, i.e. around 5 g/l. it was further found that the studied ionisable interfering components had lowest effect on titration when the sample had high vfa concentration. in contrast, bicarbonate, phosphate and lactate had significant effect on titration accuracy at low vfa concentration. an extended 5-point titration procedure with ph correction was best to handle interferences from bicarbonate, phosphate and lactate at low vfa concentrations. contrary, the simplest titration procedure with only two ph end-points showed the highest accuracy among all titration procedures at high vfa concentrations. all in all, if the composition of the digested manure sample is not known, the procedure with only two ph end-points should be the procedure of choice, due to its simplicity and accuracy.
ovariectomized rats were hormonally primed with 10 microg estradiol benzoate or with estradiol benzoate plus 500 microg progesterone. rats received a bilateral infusion with 200 ng of the 5-ht(1b/1d) receptor antagonist, n-[4-methoxy-3-(4-methyl-1-piperazinyl)phenyl]-2'-methyl-4'-(5-methyl-1,2,4-oxadiazol-3-yl)-1-1'-biphenyl-4-carboxamide hydrochloride (gr 127935), into the ventromedial nucleus of the hypothalamus (vmn), followed by a 5 min restraint or home cage experience. in estrogen-primed females that had experienced minimal handling between ovariectomy and use in the experiment, infusion with the water vehicle transiently inhibited lordosis behavior, and the 5-ht(1b/1d) receptor antagonist amplified this inhibition. there were no effects in rats hormonally primed with estrogen and progesterone. handling for two days before the experiment reduced the effects of the infusions in estrogen-primed rats. however, when a 5 min restraint experience followed infusion with gr 127935, there was a significant decline in lordosis behavior that persisted for 10 to 15 min after the experience. regardless of the prior experience or type of infusion, the addition of progesterone to the hormonal priming completely prevented the lordosis inhibition. these findings are consistent with prior evidence that progesterone protects against the inhibitory effects of a 5 min restraint experience on lordosis behavior. moreover, these are the first experiments to demonstrate an inhibitory effect of a selective 5-ht(1b/1d) receptor antagonist in the vmn on lordosis behavior of estrogen primed, but not estrogen and progesterone primed, ovariectomized rats.
in vitro effects of combinations of antipseudomonal agents against seven strains of multidrug-resistant pseudomonas aeruginosa.
conversion of very low density lipoprotein to low density lipoprotein. a metabolic study of apolipoprotein b kinetics in human subjects.
27 du k.  williams c.d.  mcgill m.r.  jaeschke h.   lower susceptibility of female mice to acetaminophen hepatotoxicity: role of mitochondrial glutathione, oxidant stress and c-jun n-terminal kinase toxicol. appl. pharmacol. 281 1 2014 58 66 10.1016/j.taap.2014.09.002 25218290
[diagnostic significance of lactose level of milk. 2. lactose level in first quarter milk samples in various udder disorders].
as previously described [42], total rna was extracted in lung tissue or cultured cells and used to synthesize cdna. transcript levels were determined using sybr green pcr master mix reagent (qiagen, stockach, germany). the relative abundance of mrna of hsp20 (human and mouse) and nqo-1 (human and mouse) were normalized to β-actin. the sequences of primers used in the pcr (synthesized by invotrigen®, thermo fisher scientific china co. ltd., shanghai, china) are listed in table 1.table 1 sequences of primers used in rt-qpcr
table s5¦ baseline values, end‐of‐treatment values and changes from baseline in laboratory variables 3.
the forced swim test assesses learned helplessness, which is a feature of depression-like behavior in rodents. this test has also been used in testing the efficacy of existing and novel antidepressant drugs. it is based on the natural tendency of rodents to escape from water. rodents are placed in a cylinder filled with water and the presumption is that those with a depression-like phenotype give up swimming earlier than those that are not depressed. furthermore, antidepressant drugs reverse this effect. this chapter describes the basic setup and conduction of the test, along with interpretation of the results. it should be emphasized that this test should be conducted as part of a series of behavioral assessments in order to increase the accuracy of the results.
in dry areas, the need for irrigation to ensure agricultural production determines the use of all available water sources. however, the water sources used for irrigation are often contaminated by untreated or minimally treated wastewater. microbial risks from reusing wastewater for vegetable irrigation can be addressed by installing environmental barriers that pathogens must cross to reach humans in the reuse system. knowledge of pathogen flows inside the system and pathogen removal potential is the first step towards devising a risk management strategy. this study assessed microbe prevalence in farming systems in the bolivian highlands that use wastewater-polluted sources for irrigation of lettuce. samples of soil, lettuce and different water sources used in the farming systems were taken during one crop season and concentrations of coliphages, escherichia coli and helminth eggs were measured. the results showed high spread of these microorganisms throughout the whole system. there was a significant correlation between microbial quality of water and of the harvested produce for several microorganisms. the microbial prevalence in protected shallow wells was found to be significantly lower than in other water sources. these findings can help formulate feasible risk management strategies in contexts where conventional technologies for microbial removal are not possible.
we report the first case of an atrial myxoma infected with the fungus, candida tropicalis. we believe that this is the only patient with an atrial myxoma, infected with any species of candida, who has demonstrated long-term survival. a review of the world's literature of infected myxomas is presented.
the mechanism by which monoclonal antibodies enhance the biological activity of a number of hormones is poorly understood. one such antibody (gc73), which binds to human but not bovine tsh, enhances the bioactivity of human tsh in vivo. we have investigated whether gc73 enhancement of tsh bioactivity involves potentiation of hormone-receptor activation assessed by the cyclic amp (camp) responses of both primary human thyrocyte cultures and a tsh-responsive human thyrocyte cell line (sghtl-45). gc73 had no effect on basal camp production. in contrast to its enhancement of the bioactivity of human tsh in vivo, it markedly inhibited the camp response to 1 and 10 mu human tsh/ml in primary thyrocytes. this effect was dose-dependent with neutralization of the bioactivity of tsh occurring at 2 mg gc73/ml. gc73 had no effect on the bioactivity of bovine tsh. in contrast, a second anti-tsh monoclonal antibody (tc12), which binds to both human and bovine tsh, inhibited the bioactivity of both species of tsh. similar results were obtained using sghtl-45 cells, although the peak concentrations of camp were lower. we conclude that binding of gc73 to human tsh resulted in inhibition rather than enhancement of the in-vitro biological activity of human tsh. we suggest that gc73 enhancement of human tsh bioactivity seen in vivo does not result from a mechanism involving potentiation of receptor activation by human tsh.
a new species of salamander (caudata: plethodontidae, bolitoglossa) from sierra nevada de mérida, venezuela.
46 crespy d  musyanovych a  landfester k   colloid polym sci 2006 284 780 787 10.1007/s00396-005-1446-7
gtp:mrna guanylyltransferase, an enzyme that catalyzes the transfer of the gmp moiety from gtp to the 5' end of the rna to form a cap structure (g(5')pppn-), has been purified to an apparent homogeneity from saccharomyces cerevisiae. the mrna 5'-triphosphatase activity hydrolyzing the gamma-phosphoryl group from pppn-rna was co-purified with mrna guanylyltransferase activity through column chromatographies on cm-sephadex and poly(u)-sepharose, and centrifugation through glycerol gradients, suggesting that these two activities are physically associated. an 820,w value of 7.3, and mr = 140,000 were estimated from the sedimentation behavior in glycerol gradients. upon sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis, two major polypeptides, mr = 45,000 (alpha) and 39,000 (beta), were detected with the purified enzyme preparation. their molar ratios were close to unity when estimated by the relative density of silver staining. these results suggest that the yeast mrna-capping enzyme is an oligomeric protein which may consist of two alpha and two beta chains (alpha 2 beta 2).
dye did so because the pathogen is closely related to other bacteria in the "erwinia herbicola-enterobacter agglomerans"
future plans for utmc in regards to print communication include the following: the task force members will provide instruction to medical center team members on how to create easy-to-read and engaging patient education; create an advisory committee to evaluate the cultural sensitivity of the print communication; implement focus groups to evaluate print communication; and research vendors to find one that offers patient education written below the sixth-grade level. future plans regarding technology include providing an engaging patient portal and promoting the use of a smart phone app for accessing patient portals.
the ubiquitin proteasome system in neurodegenerative diseases: sometimes the chicken, sometimes the egg . neuron
1. baroreceptor sensitivity and vascular reactivity to noradrenaline were assessed in patients with essential hypertension chronically treated with diuretics during treatment and 6-8 weeks after its withdrawal. 2. stopping diuretics was followed by an increase in mean arterial blood pressure and vascular reactivity, while baroreceptor sensitivity decreased. 3. baroreceptor sensitivity during treatment correlated directly with the time during which patients remained normotensive after stopping diuretics. 4. an inverse correlation was found between vascular reactivity and baroreceptor sensitivity after diuretic withdrawal and between the patients' age and baroreceptor sensitivity during diuretic therapy. 5. we conclude that the impairment of baroreceptor sensitivity after stopping diuretic therapy could result in an enhanced vascular response to noradrenaline, and a sensitive baroreflex could contribute to the control of blood pressure during diuretic treatment and buffers the return of high blood pressure when diuretics are stopped.
the oxidation of solutions of glucose with methylene-blue as a catalyst in basic media can induce hydrodynamic overturning instabilities, termed chemoconvection in recognition of their similarity to convective instabilities. the phenomenon is due to gluconic acid, the marginally dense product of the reaction, which gradually builds an unstable density profile. experiments indicate that dominant pattern wavenumbers initially increase before gradually decreasing or can even oscillate for long times. here, we perform a weakly nonlinear analysis for an established model of the system with simple kinetics, and show that the resulting amplitude equation is analogous to that obtained in convection with insulating walls. we show that the amplitude description predicts that dominant pattern wavenumbers should decrease in the long term, but does not reproduce the aforementioned increasing wavenumber behavior in the initial stages of pattern development. we hypothesize that this is due to horizontally homogeneous steady states not being attained before pattern onset. we show that the behavior can be explained using a combination of pseudo-steady-state linear and steady-state weakly nonlinear theories. the results obtained are in qualitative agreement with the analysis of experiments.
[62,63]. in contrast, exposure to high temperature (42°c), oxidants, entry into stationary phase induces the transcription of virulence genes, or oxygen limitation increases invasiveness 100-fold
l-thiocitrulline is a known potent inhibitor of several isoforms of nitric oxide synthase (nos). to explore the structure-activity relationships (sars) for this molecule in more depth than has previously been reported, three analogues substituted at the sulphur of the isothioureas have been synthesised. in two of these, the s-substituent was 'tied back' sterically by cyclisation to the nitrogen remote from the amino-acid unit. n(delta)-(4,5-dihydrothiazol-2-yl)ornithine was identified as an inhibitor of rat inducible and constitutive isoforms of nos and of a constitutive nos derived from a human tumour xenograft. analogous n(delta)-(thiazol-2-yl)ornithines were less active, whereas the corresponding n(delta)-(oxazol-2-yl)ornithine and n(delta)-(pyrimidin-2-yl)ornithine failed completely to inhibit nos. a new efficient preparation of the critical synthetic intermediate, n(alpha)-boc-thiocitrulline t-butyl ester, has been developed. further exploration of the sar with 2-amino-5-(heterocyclylthio)pentanoic acids (synthesised from 2-(boc-amino)-5-bromopentanoic acid t-butyl ester), with n-(4-aminobutyl)thiourea and with 2-(4-aminobutylamino)-4,5-dihydrothiazole enabled refinement of our previous model for binding of the substrate, l-arginine, and the inhibitors to nos.
mechanisms of plant survival and mortality during drought: why do some plants survive while others succumb to drought?
evaluation of a physiologic pulsatile pump system for neonate-infant cardiopulmonary bypass support.
various cellular and physiological functions of plants depend on the functioning of the plasma-membrane h(+)-atpase. the primary structure of the enzyme has recently been deduced from pma (plasma membrane h(+)-atpase) cdnas isolated from various higher plants. it is encoded by a multigene family including at least two major subfamilies. the pma genes are expressed in a tissue-specific manner. in addition, at least some of them are regulated at the transcriptional level. strategies involving gene overexpression and antisense rna have been used to obtain transgenic plants with modified pma level. whether individual isoforms play specific roles is discussed in the light of different experimental approaches.
visual working memory is the ability to hold visual information temporarily in mind. a key feature of working memory is its starkly limited capacity, such that only a few simple items can be remembered at once. prior work has shown that this capacity limit cannot be circumvented by providing additional encoding time, whether providing just 200 ms or up to 1300 ms, capacity is still limited to only three to four items. in contrast, brady et al. (2016) hypothesized that real-world objects, but not simple items used in prior research, benefit from additional encoding time and are not subject to traditional capacity limits. they supported this hypothesis with results from both behavior and the contralateral delay activity (cda), an eeg marker of working memory storage, and concluded that familiar, complex stimuli are necessary to observe encoding time effects. here, we conducted three replications of brady et al.'s key manipulation with a larger number of human participants and more trials per condition. we failed to replicate their primary behavioral result (objects benefit more than colors from additional encoding time) and failed to observe an object-specific increase in the cda. instead, we found that encoding time benefitted both simple color items and real-world objects, in contrast to both the findings by brady et al., and some prior work on this topic. overall, we observed no support for the hypothesis that real-world objects have a different capacity than colored squares. we discuss the implications of our findings for theories of visual working memory (vwm).
the proliferation capability of bon1 cells was firstly assessed by a mts cell proliferation colorimetric assay kit (biovision, milpitas, ca, usa) according to the manufactures instructions. briefly, bon1 cells (5 × 103/well) were seeded in 96-well plate and incubated for 3 days with il-6 (25 ng/ml, cell signaling) or crp (20 µg/ml, r&d systems). twenty microliters of mts reagent were added to each well. after 3 h of incubation, optical density was read at 490 nm and 650 nm using a synergy/htx multi-mode reader (biotek instruments).
poor protective effect of unregenerated splenic tissue to pneumococcal challenge after subtotal splenectomy.
f any race can be affected by hae, with no reported bias in different ethnic groups. men and women are equally affected for hae types i and ii, although women tend to have more severe attacks.hae with
indomethacin inhibits circulating pge2 and reverses postexercise suppression of natural killer cell activity.
we recently showed that increased glucocorticoid secretion aggravates disuse atrophy when induced by skeletal unloading. disuse atrophy in the elderly is becoming a serious problem in many developed countries. in this study we attempted to examine how aging affects the glucocorticoid response to skeletal unloading. three groups of rats (aged 5 weeks, 12 months and 18 months) were subjected to 7 days of hind limb unloading by tail-suspension. urinary excretion of corticosterone over a 24-hr period were monitored every other day. corticosterone excretion in the control group of 5-week-old rats was initially 87.4 +/- 12.8 ng/day and did not change throughout the experiment. tail-suspension experiments yielded a significant increase (more than 3 fold) in excretion on days 1 and 3 of the suspension before returning to control levels. in the 12-month-old rats, a marked increase in the basal corticosterone level was observed in the control rats throughout the experiment, while the increase by tail-suspension was attenuated with a transient, significant increase on day 5. in 18-month-old rats, a further increase in the basal level was observed in the control group, although excretions tended to increase steadily from day 1 to day 3 and remained high until day 7. urinary excretion of corticosterone among the 18-month-old suspension group was similar to those observed in the control group. these results indicate that the younger (5-week-old) rats adapted the stress load caused either by tail-suspension or manipulation alone faster than the older rats did (12 or 18 months old). the observation that basal corticosterone excretion increases with age suggests, alterations in the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis among the aged rats which might aggravates disuse atrophy induced by skeletal unloading.
about 10% of all abdominal aortic aneurysms are characterized by an exuberant inflammatory reaction consisting of a dense white sheath over the aneurysm with peri-aortic fibrosis. the aetiology is unknown. there are characteristic ultrasonic and ct appearances but the condition is usually diagnosed at laparotomy. surgery is the best treatment, keeping peri-aortic dissection to a minimum. steroid therapy may occasionally be indicated where the situation is considered inoperable or when the patient declines surgery. if hydronephrosis is present because of ureteric involvement, surgical ureterolysis, as for retroperitoneal fibrosis, should be considered. we report 8 cases treated surgically over a 3-year period, with good results in 6, one postoperative amputation and one late postoperative death.
structural diversity of the triterpenic hydrocarbons from the bacterium zymomonas mobilis: the signature of defective squalene cyclization by the squalene/hopene cyclase.
different concentrations of a glyphosate formulation, roundup® full ii (66.2% glyphosate) were tested in culture peripheral blood of armadillo chaetophractus villosus with cytogenetic biomarkers like mitotic index (mi), chromosomal aberrations (ca), sister chromatid exchange (sce) and cell proliferation kinetics (cpk) by means of replication index. adults animals of both sexes were exposed to ru at four concentrations ranging from 0.026 ml ru solution to 0.379 ml ru daily in oral treatment with the same volume (0.2 ml) during 7 days. we analyzed the induced damage at different times considering t0 as control value, one (t1), seven (t7) and 30 days (t30). one day after, only the higher concentration shows mi significant differences (p < 0.05), at t7 the frequency increases and at t30 it decreases reaching t0 values. the analysis of ca frequencies shows that only 0.106 ml ru/day exhibit significant differences vs t0 values. a great variability is expressed in the values of standard deviation (sd) and in the wide confidence intervals of the media. one day after treatments (t1) all four concentrations shows significant differences in sce vs t0 values. replication index (ri) does not show significant differences. the dose-response behavior was not observed in either ca or sce. the consistency of the findings obtained with the same biomarkers in vitro support the idea of expanding studies in order to characterize the risk doses for these mammals.
aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (aldh2) is a key enzyme for metabolism of reactive aldehydes, but its role during liver ischemia-reperfusion injury (iri) remains unclear. in the present study, we investigated the effects of the aldh2 activator, alda-1, in liver iri and elucidated the underlying mechanisms. mice were pretreated with alda-1 and subjected to a 90 min hepatic 70% ischemia model, and liver tissues or serum samples were collected at indicated time points after reperfusion. we demonstrated that alda-1 pretreatment had a hepatoprotective role in liver iri as evidenced by decreased liver necrotic areas, serum alt/ast levels, and liver inflammatory responses. mechanistically, alda-1 treatment enhanced aldh2 activity and subsequently reduced the accumulation of reactive aldehydes and toxic protein adducts, which result in decreased hepatocyte apoptosis and mitochondrial dysfunction. we further demonstrated that alda-1 treatment could activate ampk and autophagy and that ampk activation was required for alda-1-mediated autophagy enhancement. these findings collectively indicate that alda-1-mediated aldh2 activation could be a promising strategy to improve liver iri by clearance of reactive aldehydes and enhancement of autophagy.
considerations for remote delivery of behavioral economic interventions for substance use disorder during covid-19 and beyond.
in this review, we discuss alterations in apoptosis cascades underlying aml and the current development of drugs designed to trigger cell death in these malignancies.
thank you for submitting your article "direct translation of climbing fiber burst-mediated sensory coding into post-synaptic purkinje cell dendritic calcium" for consideration by elife. your article has been reviewed by three peer reviewers, and the evaluation has been overseen by a reviewing editor and ronald calabrese as the senior editor. the reviewers have opted to remain anonymous.
cloning of the replication gene p of bacteriophage lambda: effects of increased p-protein synthesis on cellular and phage dna replication.
prolyl-4-hydroxylases inhibitor stabilizes hif-1α and increases mitophagy to reduce cell death after experimental retinal detachment.
treatment with a combination of omalizumab and specific immunotherapy for severe anaphylaxis after a wasp sting.
the aim of this study was to evaluate vascular and metabolic effects of chronic mild unpredictable stress (cms) and hypercaloric diet (hd) without carbohydrate supplementation in rats. male sprague-dawley rats were randomly assigned to four groups: control, hd, cms, and hd plus cms. cms consisted of the application of different stressors for 3 weeks. the rats were killed 15 days after cms exposure. the hd group presented higher plasma lipid concentrations, without changes in fasting glucose concentration, glucose tolerance test, and vascular function and morphology, in comparison with the control group. stressed rats presented higher fasting blood concentration of insulin, higher homeostasis model assessment index values and area under the curve in an oral glucose tolerance test, in comparison with non-stressed rats. cms increased the plasma concentrations of corticosterone and lipids, and the atherogenic index values, without change in high-density lipoprotein level. cms increased intima-media thickness and induced endothelium-dependent supersensitivity to phenylephrine, and lowered the relaxation response to acetylcholine in the thoracic aorta isolated from rats fed with control or hd, in comparison with non-stressed groups. cms effects were independent of diet. in non-stressed rats, the hd induced dyslipidemia, but did not change glucose metabolism, vascular function, or morphology. the data from this study indicate that cms promotes a set of events which together can contribute to impair function of the thoracic aorta.
as the sperm approaches the zona pellucida of the egg, which is necessary for initiating the acrosome reaction, the membrane surrounding the acrosome fuses with the plasma membrane of the sperm's head, exposing the contents of the acrosome.
adenosine, short for adenine nucleoside, is chemically known as 6‐amino ‐9‐β‐d‐ribofuranosyladenine, and it is formed by the binding of adenine's n‐9 to d‐ribose's c‐1 via the β‐n9‐glucoside bond. adenosine has strong effects in the coronary artery, and anti‐epilepsy, which is often used to treat cerebrovascular disorders, apoplexy sequelae, coronary insufficiency, angina, arteriosclerosis, and primary hypertension. since energy utilization is ubiquitous,1 adenosine can be produced both intra‐ and extracellularly in tissues throughout the body, including the brain and heart. adenosine is widely distributed in the central nervous system (cns). adenosine can be considered as a central excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitter in the brain. under ischemia, hypoxia, tissue damage, and other pathologic conditions, the degradation of atp is increased. as a signaling nucleoside, adenosine plays a protective role by interacting with adenosine receptors when its extracellular concentration is increased.2
follow-up of patients receiving extracorporeal membrane oxygenation: reinforcing the call for a systematic and prospective long-term outcome evaluation.
tetrads-forming mutant mt cells of micrococcus luteus, both treated with chemical reagents and non-treated, were observed with a scanning electron microscope (sem). the agglutinability of the cells with antiserum containing anti-teichuronic acid antibody was examined. the binding of protein a-gold particles to the cells, mediated with the antiserum, was also observed with sem. a tetrad surface, not surface of each of four "unit monococci" constituting a tetrad, consisted of two or three smooth areas with borders. the difference in the surface features between m. luteus wild-type ifo 3333 (monodane et al, microbiol. immunol. 33: 165-174, 1989) and the mutant mt cells is discussed.
figure 1 quantitative comparisons for adjusted correlations of hippocampus tau pet suvr levels with rs242557 variant in the non-demented cohort. (a) left hippocampus tau pet suvr for each subject in the non-demented elders is plotted separated by rs242557 genotype (gg, ag and aa; adjusted β = 0.111, p = 0.001, bonferroni corrected p = 0.035). (b) right hippocampus tau pet suvr for each subject in the non-demented elders is plotted separated by rs242557 genotype (adjusted β = 0.103, p = 0.001, bonferroni corrected p = 0.031).
[artificial immunogens from enterobacteria. i. the immunogenicity of conjugates of the o-polysaccharide from salmonella typhimurium with synthetic polyelectrolytes].
an excess of exhausted t cells may explain why some patients with large b-cell lymphoma do not benefit from chimeric antigen receptor (car) t cells, a recent study concludes. the research also shows that patients with monocyte-like cells in their infusions are more likely to develop severe neurologic side effects. the study suggests measures to increase the effectiveness and safety of car t-cell products.
d-stimulating hormone (tsh) levels  autoantibody testing: thyroid and/or adrenal autoantibodies may be present  prolactin testing: modest hyperprolactinemia has been reported in cases of addison disea
cost analysis of hip fracture treatment among the elderly for the public health services: a 1-year prospective study in 106 consecutive patients.
ag morphologie und formengeschichte, bild wissen gestaltung–ein interdisziplinäres labor & institut für biologie, humboldt-universität, berlin, germany
sarcomas of the head and neck are rare. they present a challenge to the head and neck oncologist that is frequently quite different from that found in epithelial, salivary, and endocrine malignancies of the head and neck. the focus of this article is on diagnostic criteria, prognostic indicators, and therapy, and due to the large number of lesions, an in-depth review of the commonest: osteosarcoma (os), chondrosarcoma (cs), rhabdomyosarcoma (rms), fibrosarcoma (fs), malignant fibrous histiocytoma (mfh), and synovial sarcoma (ss). less common variants will also be mentioned. twelve cases are presented, consisting of os(2), rms(1), cs(3), mfh(2), ss(2), fs(1), and miscellaneous(1). conclusions consist of an enunciation of the general principles of management of sarcoma of the head and neck.
displacements of the center of foot pressure, the hip and the head were recorded in six subjects standing on a platform, sinusoidally tilting in pitch (anterior-posterior). stimulus frequencies ranged between 0.01 and 1 hz. stimulus amplitudes were 2, 4 and 6 degrees. with eyes open the displacements were minimal at 0.3 hz. with eyes closed, however, induced sway was maximal at this frequency. the apparent lack of visual stabilization at the lowest frequency (0.01 hz) might be attributed to a subthreshold velocity of the retinal image motion induced by the swaying body. a similar absence of visual stabilization of 1 hz is assumed to indicate the limit of the working range of visual stabilization of posture. independent of stimulus amplitude a phase lead of about 90 degrees was found at 0.01 hz. this decreased with increasing frequency up to a phase lag of 100 degrees at the highest frequency (1 hz). head stabilization was generally more effective than hip stabilization. emg recordings from the leg muscles suggest that with eyes closed the center of force is mainly stabilized by leg muscle activity, while with eyes open this stabilization is best, when vision allows for stabilization of body posture by intersegmental movements between head, trunk and legs.
the us healthcare system has been widely criticized by many and praised by others for many reasons that are not mutually exclusive. there is no doubt that, compared with our peer industrialized countries, the us ranks near the bottom in many of the benchmark criteria such as life expectancy, infant mortality, and mortality of the population that is amenable to health care. despite these shortcomings, the us has been a major innovator in healthcare technology including the development of biological and pharmacological drugs. the shortcomings of our system are often focused on the fact that a significant portion of the population lacks access to these cutting-edge resources and therapies. in this commentary, the healthcare reform proposals that have been introduced in 2008-2009, with a focus on the 3 leading plans that have been put forward by the house of representatives and senate, are reviewed. the inclusion of pharmacist-delivered medication therapy management (mtm) as well as medication reconciliation (medrec) is specifically stated in 2 of the 3 plans. integrated care delivery models (ie, community health teams, or "medical homes") are also directed to provide medrec and mtm during transitions of care. finally, in the senate health, education, labor, and pensions language, there is a directive that health insurers implement a payment schedule for mtm and care compliance. the many other ways in which each of these evolving reform proposals may impact pharmacists and the care they deliver to their communities are also highlighted.
et al. (2002 ) overexpression of the rabies virus glycoprotein results in enhancement of apoptosis and antiviral immune response . j virol
previous studies suggested that opioid receptor agonists infused into the lateral ventricles can inhibit (through mu receptors) or facilitate (through delta receptors) the lordosis behavior of ovariectomized (ovx) rats treated with estrogen and a low dose of progesterone. the present study investigated the behavioral and hormonal specificity of those effects using more selective opioid receptor agonists. sexually experienced ovx rats were implanted stereotaxically with guide cannulae aimed at the right lateral ventricle. one group of rats was treated with estradiol benzoate (eb, 10 micrograms) 48 hr and progesterone (p, 250 micrograms) 4 hr before testing, whereas the other group was treated with eb alone. rats were infused with different doses of the selective mu-receptor agonist damgo, the selective delta-receptor agonist dpdpe, or the selective kappa-receptor agonist u50-488. the females were placed with a sexually vigorous male in a bilevel chamber (mendelson and gorzalka, 1987) for three tests of sexual behavior, beginning 15, 30, and 60 min after each infusion. damgo reduced lordosis quotients and magnitudes significantly in rats treated with eb and p, but not in rats treated with eb alone. in contrast, dpdpe and u50-488h increased lordosis quotients and magnitudes significantly in both steroid-treatment groups. surprisingly, measures of proceptivity, rejection responses, and level changes were not affected significantly by mu or kappa agonists, although proceptivity and rejection responses were affected by dpdpe treatment. these results suggest that the effects of lateral ventricular infusions of opioid receptor agonists on the sexual behavior of female rats are relatively specific to lordosis behavior. moreover, the facilitation of lordosis behavior by delta- or kappa-receptor agonists is independent of progesterone treatment, whereas the inhibitory effect of mu-receptor agonists on lordosis behavior may require the presence of progesterone.
the serum level of an estrogen-inducible plasma protein was followed by a radioimmunoassay in groups of women during treatment with various estrogens. after an initial increase, the mean value for the serum concentration was stable. the plateau level after six months of treatment was taken as a parameter of estrogenic potency. eleven different hormonal preparations were compared and an estrogen index was constructed.
e derived alleles. for rs59393148 we consider the c allele to be derived in modern humans and neanderthals, as the archaic denisovan hominin is homozygous for the t allele which is also more prevalent in africa.
association between cfh, cfb, arms2, serpinf1, vegfr1 and vegf polymorphisms and anatomical and functional response to ranibizumab treatment in neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
46. michel v.  huonnic d.   a comparison of welfare, health and production performance of laying hens reared in cages or in aviaries br. poult. sci. 2003 44 775 776 10.1080/00071660410001666691 14965103
ease. cardiovascular, malignant, and infectious diseases are responsible for the higher mortality rate. white and arlt examined the prevalence of and risk factors for adrenal crisis in patients with a
this is a first patient-reported dataset on hypoglycemia in turkish, insulin-treated diabetes patients. a high incidence of patient-reported hypoglycemia confirms that hypoglycemia remains under-estimated. hypoglycemia increased healthcare utilization impacting patients’ quality of life. hypoglycemia remains a common side effect with insulin-treatment and strategies to optimize therapy and reduce hypoglycemia occurrence in diabetes patients are required.
the quiescence of radial neural stem cells (rnscs) in adult brain is regulated by environmental stimuli. however, little is known about how the neurogenic niche couples the external signal to regulate activation and transition of quiescent rnscs. here, we reveal that long-term excitation of hippocampal dentate granule cells (gcs) upon voluntary running leads to activation of adult rnscs in the subgranular zone and thereby generation of newborn neurons. unexpectedly, the role of these excited gc neurons in nscs depends on direct gc-rnsc interaction in the local niche, which is through down-regulated ephrin-b3, a gc membrane-bound ligand, and attenuated transcellular ephb2 kinase-dependent signaling in the adjacent rnscs. furthermore, constitutively active ephb2 kinase sustains the quiescence of rnscs during running. these findings thus elucidate the physiological significance of gc excitability on adult rnscs under external environments and indicate a key-lock switch regulation via cell-cell contact for functional transition of rnscs.
the effects of vitamin d3 supplementation on tgf-β and il-17 serum levels in migraineurs: post hoc analysis of a randomized clinical trial.
coronavirus disease-19 (covid-19) first emerged in december 2019 in china and rapidly spread worldwide. although various studies have reported that covid-19 is associated with a hypercoagulable state and thrombotic complications in critically ill patients, there are few case reports on thrombotic events as one of the presenting symptoms. we report a case of acute upper extremity ischemia as the initial clinical presentation of a patient with covid-19.
a scoring algorithm in wide complex tachycardia: ventricular tachycardia or not ventricular tachycardia?
the neonate was a 2280 g male product of a suspected 34-week pregnancy, born to a 20-year-old g1p0 mother by normal spontaneous vaginal delivery. of note, prenatal care was limited as the mother was unaware of her pregnancy until presenting to the emergency department with abdominal pain, nausea and vomiting on the day of delivery. shortly after her presentation, ultrasound revealed intrauterine pregnancy with oligohydramnios. the mother was subsequently induced and the neonate was delivered vaginally with apgar scores 9/9. on newborn physical exam, the neonate was noted to have an anorectal malformation.
the neural apparatus of the aorta, abdominal vein, ischiatic, femoral, pulmonary and caudal vessels has been studied histochemically in tadpoles (the 30th-50th stages of development) and in 1-year-old animals. it has been stated for the first time that in the frog, a representative of the amphibia class, like in mammals and birds, formation of the adrenergic apparatus in various vessels does not take place simultaneously. for instance, the first adrenergic fibers in the hind limb vessels appear much earlier than in other arteries and veins. the process of the adrenergic innervation development and its completion in vessels of various areas is taking its course differently. in the aorta and in the abdominal vein the formation of the adrenergic plexus develops as increasing density and amount of the mediator in the adrenergic fibers and is completed with maturation in an adult animal. in contrast to these vessels, maturation of the adrenergic apparatus in the hind limb arteries and veins takes place during a shorter interval and is completed at the end of metamorphosis ache-containing fibers are revealed in tadpoles, as well as in a mature frog only in the aortal arc and in the pulmonary artery. in these vessels the development of cholinergic innervation leaves behind that of the adrenergic innervation, as it does in the vessels of mammalia, and the human subject.
in this paper we present the modelling, design, and initial experimental testing of a nerve cuff multielectrode system for selective stimulation of fibres in superficial peripheral nerve trunk regions which is capable of making a selective activation of multiple muscles. the developed multielectrode nerve cuff consists of 14 platinum stimulating electrodes embedded within a self-curling sheet of biocompatible insulation, exhibiting a spiral transverse cross-section. the spiral shape of the system is such that the number of stimulating electrodes which can be utilized depends on the diameter of the stimulated nerve. nerves with a greater diameter automatically make use of more electrodes than thin ones. the development was based on results obtained by a histological examination of the peripheral nerves which were planned to be stimulated, and on models of excitation of myelinated nerve fibres. the modelling objectives were to determine the electric field that would be generated within a nerve trunk by a specific electrode. moreover, the extent of initial excitation of the nerve fibres within the superficial region of the dog sciatic nerve elicited by a certain discrete stimulating electrode was predicted. for this purpose a calculation of activating function for six positions where the nerve fibres were supposed to lie within the longitudinally dissected sciatic nerve was performed. in two acute experiments on the sciatic nerve of the dog the objective was to characterize the effectiveness of the multielectrode system in monopolar selective stimulation of the superficial regions, innervating the gastrocnemius and tibialis anterior muscle. a selectivity preliminary tested by measuring the myoelectric activity of the gastrocnemius and tibialis anterior muscle after 2 months showed good results in both animals.
in order to further investigate plasma lipoproteins abnormalities secondary to serious liver damage, we studied plasma lipids and lipoproteins, and in particular hdl subfractions (hdl2, hdl3), in 12 patients with cirrhosis of the liver and in 12 sex, age and weight matched healthy volunteers. enzymatic methods were used to determine total cholesterol and triglycerides, while the extractive method of abell et al. was used for the determination of hdl-cholesterol levels after ldl and vldl precipitation with polyanions (mncl2 and na-heparin) and of hdl3-cholesterol values after hdl2 precipitation with dextran-sulphate 15,000 m.w. total cholesterol and hdl-cholesterol levels were significantly lower in cirrhotic patients compared to normal subjects. we must emphasize that only hdl3-cholesterol was decreased in cirrhotics, whereas hdl2-cholesterol values were normal or high. we suggest that a diminished activity of hepatic triglyceride lipase might account for the decrease in hdl3-cholesterol in liver cirrhosis.
the effects on the coagulative and rheologic pattern of two lipid-lowering drugs, bezafibrate and simvastatin, were studied in 36 hypercholesterolemic subjects. patients were randomly divided into two groups (18 subjects each) and received bezafibrate r 400 mg/day or simvatatin 10-40 mg/day over a twelve week period. besides a decrease in plasma fibrinogen and fibrinopeptide a (p less than 0.001 both), bezafibrate induced a reduction of factor viic and viiic activity (p less than 0.001 both), while antithrombin 3 activity was increased (p less than 0.001) and the hemorheologic pattern was greatly improved (p less than 0.001). simvastatin caused a slight decrease in factor viiic activity and a moderate reduction of beta-thromboglobulin. the efficacy of bezafibrate in reducing the activation of the coagulative cascade and improving the hemorheologic pattern has been confirmed; the peculiar triglycerides- and fibrinogen-lowering effect of the drug, not observed with simvastatin, could be responsible for these modifications.
hepatic and respiratory failure, common complications following liver resection for hepatocellular carcinoma (hcc), especially when it is combined with liver cirrhosis, can be overcome by careful management of the circulatory and respiratory systems. another common complication is intractable ascites which resists conventional therapy, such as, diuretics and protein replacement. here we report a case in which intractable ascites was successfully treated with propranolol. the patient, a 48-year-old man who underwent liver resection for hcc combined with cirrhosis, started to suffer from ascites about 1 week after surgery. upon administration of propranolol (1 mg/kg/day) with furosemide, his body weight decreased 500 g/day, returning to the preoperative value in 2 weeks in parallel with the normalization of the pra. no side effects were observed during the medication period. propranolol, a beta-adrenergic antagonist, is thought to suppress renin secretion from the juxtaglomerular apparatus in the kidney by blocking its beta-adrenergic receptor, thus suppressing the entire renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system. we concluded that propranolol is a promising drug for intractable ascites encountered with liver cirrhosis.
age <50 years – the iscd recommends that bmd measurements alone should not be used to diagnose osteoporosis in men younger than 50 years [4]. in men below age 50 years with low bmd (z-score ≤-2.0), we diagnose osteoporosis if there is a history of a fragility fracture and, possibly, if other risk factors for osteoporosis (such as glucocorticoid therapy, hypogonadism, or hyperparathyroidism) are present.candidates for bone density testing
chitosan modified poly (lactic acid) nanoparticles increased the ursolic acid oral bioavailability.
interferon therapy has several advantages over nucleoside or nucleotide analog therapy: finite duration, durable treatment response, and no viral resistance. however, it is only effective in about 30% of patients. to improve its efficacy, the combination of interferon and nucleoside/nucleotide analogs may facilitate additive or synergistic effects. this is because interferon and nucleoside/nucleotide analogs have different mechanisms of action. recent studies demonstrate that concomitant use of lamivudine and peginterferon does not improve biochemical and virological responses compared with peginterferon monotherapy. by contrast, sequential or staggered administration of lamivudine and interferon appears to have some benefits over monotherapies. there is a paucity of data on interferon combined with drugs other than lamivudine, such as adefovir and entecavir. although combination therapies have the potential to improve efficacy against hepatitis-b virus, it is unclear how interferon should be combined with other drugs or which patients should be treated with combination therapies.
the aryl hydrocarbon receptor (ahr) is activated by the ligand, benzo[a]pyrene (b[a]p), a component of smoke that is implicated in lung carcinogenesis in humans. however, the role of b[a]p and ahr in lung cancer malignancy is not well known. in this study, we analyzed the effects of b[a]p and ahr in the 3 d spheroids of human lung cancer cells
[immunological monitoring of patients with disseminated colorectal cancer under thermochemotherapy].
cold ischemia-warm reperfusion (ci-wr) injury of the liver is characterized by marked alterations of sinusoidal endothelial cells (secs), whereas hepatocytes appear to be relatively unscathed. however, the time course and mechanism of cell death remain controversial: early versus late phenomenon, necrosis versus apoptosis? we describe the occurrence and nature of cell death after different periods of ci with university of wisconsin (uw) solution and after different periods of wr in the isolated perfused rat liver model. after 24- and 42-hour ci (viable and nonviable livers, respectively), similar patterns of liver cell death were seen: sec necrosis appeared early after wr (10 minutes) and remained stable for up to 120 minutes. after 30 minutes of wr, apoptosis increased progressively with wr length. based on morphological criteria, apoptotic cells were mainly hepatocytes within liver plates or extruded in the sinusoidal lumen. in addition, only after 42-hour ci were large clusters of necrotic hepatocytes found in areas of congested sinusoids. in these same livers, the hepatic microcirculation, evaluated by means of the multiple-indicator dilution technique, revealed extracellular matrix disappearance with no-flow areas. in conclusion, different time courses and mechanisms of cell death occur in rat livers after ci-wr, with early sec necrosis followed by delayed hepatocyte apoptosis. these processes do not appear to be of major importance in the mechanism of graft failure because they are similar under both nonlethal and lethal conditions; this is not the case for the loss of the extracellular matrix found only under lethal conditions and associated with hepatocyte necrosis.
the b7-h3 molecule has two subtypes, 2igb7-h3 and 4ig b7-h3, and the human b7-h3 molecule includes both subtypes, with 4igb7-h3 as the predominant subtype in human tissues.1 northern blot analysis revealed that b7-h3 is encoded by 4.1 kb mrna, which is widely expressed in human tissues, but is limited in b7-h3 protein expression.2 there is an aberrant expression of b7-h3 molecules in both tumor cells and interstitial cells.3–8 cancer-associated fibroblasts (cafs) are mainly derived from five types of cells,9–11 mainly expressing α-smooth muscle actin, vimentin and fibroblast activation protein,12which are the main components of host cells in the tumor microenvironment.13 several studies have highlighted that cafs can enhance tumor proliferation, invasion and metastasis by means of releasing multiple cytokines.14–17
poor prognosis of ovarian cancer, the deadliest of the gynecologic malignancies, reflects major limitations associated with detection and diagnosis. current methods lack high sensitivity to detect small tumors and high specificity to distinguish malignant from benign tissue, both impeding diagnosis of early and metastatic cancer stages and leading to costly and invasive surgeries. tissue microarray analysis revealed that >98% of ovarian cancers express the prolactin receptor (prlr), forming the basis of a new molecular imaging strategy. we fused human placental lactogen (hpl), a specific and tight binding prlr ligand, to magnetic resonance imaging (gadolinium) and near-infrared fluorescence imaging agents. both in tissue culture and in mouse models, these imaging bioconjugates underwent selective internalization into ovarian cancer cells via prlr-mediated endocytosis. compared with current clinical mri techniques, this targeted approach yielded both enhanced signal-to-noise ratio from accumulation of signal via selective internalization and improved specificity conferred by prlr upregulation in malignant ovarian cancer. these features endow prlr-targeted imaging with the potential to transform ovarian cancer detection.
haplotypes of nine single nucleotide polymorphisms on chromosome 19q13.2-3 associated with susceptibility of lung cancer in a chinese population.
this paper describes a mathematical investigation of the relationship between wear volume, wear depth and wear direction in acetabular components. the analysis takes into account the cylindrical and conical portions at the mouth of certain types of socket and also incorporates the effect of an initial radial discrepancy between the femoral head and socket. published formulae for converting linear wear measurements to wear volumes are shown to be incorrect. wear volume is shown to be highly dependent on the wear direction, increasing by more than 90 per cent over a 60 degrees range. cylindrical and conical portions of a 22.225 mm cup may contribute up to about a third as much wear as the hemispherical socket. at low wear depths, the neglect of a radial discrepancy between the components can result in an overestimation of wear volume in excess of 100 per cent.
cortical spreading depression is thought to be the pathophysiological correlate of the neurological symptoms in migraine with aura. topiramate is an anti-epileptic drug that is also used as a migraine preventive. ion homeostasis and excitatory amino acid efflux are major components of cortical spreading depression; so given the broad range of actions of topiramate, we examined its effect on cortical spreading depression. cortical spreading depression was elicited by a needle stick in the cortex in surgically prepared rats and cats; laser doppler probes were used to measure the cerebral blood flow and a recording electrode was used to measure electrical nerve cell activity. topiramate at 30 mg kg(-1) was able to inhibit regional cerebral blood flow changes and cortical depolarization and spreading depression in all rats, and in 8 of 13 cats. we conclude that topiramate may act on mechanisms involved in the initiation and propagation of spreading depression, and that these mechanisms may be similar to those involved in the therapeutic role.
family-based association study between nos-i and -iia polymorphisms and autism spectrum disorders in korean trios.
a new withanolide, dinoxin b (12,21-dihydroxy-1-oxowitha-2,5,24-trienolide-27-o-β-d-glucopyranoside, 1), was isolated from a methanol extract of datura inoxia leaves, using bioassay-guided fractionation. the structure was determined by spectroscopic techniques, including (1)h, (13)c, and 2d nmr experiments as well as by hrms. extracts and the purified compound were tested for their antiproliferative activities toward a panel of human normal and cancer cell lines. dinoxin b (1) and its aglycone (2) exhibited submicromolar ic(50) values against multiple human cancer cell lines. among the most sensitive were several breast cancer cell lines. dinoxin b (1) was found only in d. inoxia and was not detected in d. metel or d. stramonium. the accumulation of this compound was limited largely to leaf tissue, with little to none detected in extracts from the flowers, fruits, roots, or stems of d. inoxia.
genetic and environmental components of clutch size variance in a wild population of lesser snow geese (anser caerulescens caerulescens).
[differential diagnosis of hypercalcaemia by measurement of renal calcium excretion during parathormone administration (author's transl)].
a novel pump-free miniaturized reverse electrodialysis (red) system was designed to provide lasting power transduced from salinity gradients, named solid salt red (ssred), and this quasi-battery uses a solid salt instead of electrolyte solution for streamlined usage. it is portable, flexible, comparable in size to a universal serial bus flash drive, and easily activated with a small amount of water. it maintains a constant ionic concentration gradient through precipitation reactions between a pair of different salts. this precipitation-assisted solid salt red (pssred) is an unprecedented ionic power source as it can generate steady electricity in the absence of a driving pump. the pssred was successfully coupled with bipolar electrode (bpe) microchip sensors which require stable ionic electricity and a polyelectrolyte ionic diode to realize a fully ionic circuit. it is envisioned that the range of application could be expanded to supply electromotive force to various devices through an ionic charge flow.
duruigbo et al. (2013) duruigbo ci  okereke-ejiogu en  nwokeji em  peter-onoh ca  ogwudire ve  onoh pa   integrated remediation strategies for sustaining agrobiodiversity degradation in africa iosr journal of agriculture and veterinary science 2013 3 4 16 23 10.9790/2380-0341623
fluoroscopic findings of extra-cervical facet joint flow and its incidence on cervical facet joint arthrograms.
in 85% of the cases, the levels of c1-inhibitor are low, while in 15% the protein circulates in normal amounts
ox-ldl is widely described as a key component of atherogenesis and triggers the inflammatory processes of the disease. ox-ldl induces a number of potentially proatherogenic activities such as the production of proinflammatory cytokines and chemokines by monocytes, endothelial cells, and smooth muscle cells in vitro [19, 20]. in this paper, we focused on a particular and frequent ldl oxidation mechanism involving myeloperoxidase (mpo). mpo is an important enzyme of neutrophils which combat pathogen invasion in the body. indeed, mpo catalyzes the production of oxidative reagents which damage pathogens and aid in their elimination. unfortunately, in chronic inflammation syndromes, mpo is also released into the extracellular space due to neutrophil activation where mpo-derived oxidants can in turn cause tissue damage. one of the targeted components is ldl, leading to mpo-dependent oxidized ldl, commonly named mox-ldl.
funding. this work was supported by the national natural science foundation of china (nos. 81922008, 81770224, and 81670204), national key research and development plan (2018yfa0107400), and shaanxi innovative talent promotion plan (2018kjxx-013).
jnj63623872 (formerly known as vx-787) is an inhibitor of influenza a virus polymerases through interaction with the viral pb2 subunit. this interaction blocks the cap-snatching activity of the virus that is essential for virus replication. previously published work has documented antiviral activity of jnj63623872 in cell culture and mouse infection studies. in this report, we extend the in vivo observations by comparing the efficacies of jnj63623872 and oseltamivir in mice infected with influenza a/california/04/2009 (h1n1pdm) and a/victoria/3/75 (h3n2) viruses. animals received jnj63623872 or oseltamivir orally twice daily for 10 days starting 2 h pre-infection. jnj63623872 (2, 6, and 20 mg/kg/day) and oseltamivir (20 mg/kg/day) completely prevented death in the h1n1pdm virus infection. weight loss at nadir was only 12% in mice receiving 2 mg/kg/day of jnj63623872 compared to 23% and 32%, respectively, in oseltamivir-treated (20 mg/kg/day) and placebo groups. lung hemorrhage scores, lung weights, and lung virus titers on day 6 were reduced in a dose-responsive manner by jnj63623872 treatments, whereas oseltamivir treatments were not as effective. jnj63623872 was less active against h3n2 virus infection, with more body weight loss occurring and only 30% survival at the 2-mg/kg/day dose. lung scores, lung weights, and h3n2 viral titers in lungs of mice were reduced less by jnj63623872 treatments compared to the h1n1pdm infection. nevertheless, the 20-mg/kg/day dose of jnj63623872 was more effective than oseltamivir (20 mg/kg/day) in improving body weight and reducing the severity of lung infection. jnj63623872 appears to be an important new drug candidate to treat influenza a h1n1pdm and h3n2 virus infections.
a well-resourced, comprehensive, population-based set of strategies is needed to attenuate and eventually reverse the current trends of increasing obesity prevalence now apparent in most countries. the epidemiological triad (host, vector, environment) has proven to be a robust model for other epidemics and is applied to obesity. host-based strategies are primarily educational and these tend to be most effective among people with higher incomes and higher educational attainment. the main vectors for a high-energy intake are energy-dense foods and drinks and large portion sizes and, for low energy expenditure, machines that promote physical inactivity. vector-based strategies that alter food formulation can have a significant impact, particularly through influencing common, high-volume foods. the increasingly 'obesogenic' environments are probably the main driving forces for the obesity epidemic. there are many environmental strategies that can influence the physical, economic, policy or socio-cultural environments, but the evidence base for these potentially powerful interventions is small. children should be the priority population for interventions, and improving the general socio-economic conditions for disadvantaged, marginalized or poor population sectors is also a central strategy for obesity prevention. the key settings for interventions are schools, homes, neighbourhoods, primary health care services and communities. the key macroenvironments for interventions are the transport and infrastructure sector, the media and the food sector.
histone deacetylases (hdacs) are important regulators of epigenetic gene modification that are involved in the transcriptional control of metabolism. in particular class iia hdacs have been shown to affect hepatic gluconeogenesis and previous approaches revealed that their inhibition reduces blood glucose in type 2 diabetic mice. in the present study, we aimed to evaluate the potential of class iia hdac inhibition as a therapeutic opportunity for the treatment +of metabolic diseases. for that, sirnas selectively targeting hdac4, 5 and 7 were selected and used to achieve a combinatorial knockdown of these three class iia hdac isoforms. subsequently, the hepatocellular effects as well as the impact on glucose and lipid metabolism were analyzed
five new bioactive compounds, chenopodiumamines a-d (1-4) and chenopodiumoside a (5), were isolated from the ethanol extract of chenopodium ambrosioides. the structures of these compounds were elucidated by various spectroscopic means (uv, ir, hr-esi-ms, 1d and 2d nmr). compounds 1-3 had moderate antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activities.
mesenchymal stem cells (mscs) are broadly distributed cells that retain postnatal capacity for self-renewal and multilineage differentiation. mscs evade immune detection, secrete an array of anti-inflammatory and anti-fibrotic mediators, and very importantly activate resident precursors. these properties form the basis for the strategy of clinical application of cell-based therapeutics for inflammatory and fibrotic conditions. in cardiovascular medicine, administration of autologous or allogeneic mscs in patients with ischemic and nonischemic cardiomyopathy holds significant promise. numerous preclinical studies of ischemic and nonischemic cardiomyopathy employing msc-based therapy have demonstrated that the properties of reducing fibrosis, stimulating angiogenesis, and cardiomyogenesis have led to improvements in the structure and function of remodeled ventricles. further attempts have been made to augment mscs' effects through genetic modification and cell preconditioning. progression of msc therapy to early clinical trials has supported their role in improving cardiac structure and function, functional capacity, and patient quality of life. emerging data have supported larger clinical trials that have been either completed or are currently underway. mechanistically, msc therapy is thought to benefit the heart by stimulating innate anti-fibrotic and regenerative responses. the mechanisms of action involve paracrine signaling, cell-cell interactions, and fusion with resident cells. trans-differentiation of mscs to bona fide cardiomyocytes and coronary vessels is also thought to occur, although at a nonphysiological level. recently, msc-based tissue engineering for cardiovascular disease has been examined with quite encouraging results. this review discusses mscs from their basic biological characteristics to their role as a promising therapeutic strategy for clinical cardiovascular disease.
loss-of-function screen in rhabdomyosarcoma identifies crkl-yes as a critical signal for tumor growth.
p229 validating jadas10 cut-off values for inactive disease, low disease and moderate disease activity levels in non-systemic juvenile idiopathic arthritis: a finnish multicentre study
vasomotor symptoms (vms) or "hot flashes" are the most common complaint during the menopausal transition, occurring in up to 80 percent of women. however, only approximately 20 to 30 percent of women seek medical attention for treatment. (see 'prevalence and natural history' above.)●
this species remained as "sarcodon scabrosus" until 2019, when a molecular analysis using nuclear dna showed that this and 11 other species lay genetically within the genus "hydnellum", a genus of which harder woody flesh had previously been considered a distinguishing feature from soft-fleshed "sarcodon".
[63] gould tj  keith ra  bhat rv   differential sensitivity to lithium's reversal of amphetamine-induced open-field activity in two inbred strains of mice behavioural brain research 2001 118 95 105 11163638
the ministry of health (moh) have updated the clinical practice guidelines on diabetes mellitus to provide doctors and patients in singapore with evidence-based treatment for diabetes mellitus. this article reproduces the introduction and executive summary (with recommendations from the guidelines) from the moh clinical practice guidelines on diabetes mellitus, for the information of smj readers. chapters and page numbers mentioned in the reproduced extract refer to the full text of the guidelines, which are available from the ministry of health website: http://www.moh.gov.sg/content/moh_web/healthprofessionalsportal/doctors/guidelines/cpg_medical.html. the recommendations should be used with reference to the full text of the guidelines. following this article are multiple choice questions based on the full text of the guidelines.
the roots and leaves of the plant butea frondosa were evaluated for ocular anti-inflammatory activity on the subacute model of ocular inflammation in rabbits. the arkas (liquid preparations obtained by distillation of certain liquids or drugs soaked in water, using the arka-yantra or any other convenient modern distillation apparatus) were prepared using the roots and leaves of the plant. the arkas were formulated as gels using pluronic f-127 (pf-127) 30% w/w as the polymer. the anti-inflammatory activity of the preparations were assessed by determining their effects on elevated intraocular pressure consequent to breakdown of blood/aqueous humour barrier. a commercial eyedrop of flurbiprofen 0.03% w/w was used to compare the ocular anti-inflammatory activity of the arkas of the plant. a marketed root arka was included in the study for comparison. the anti-inflammatory activity of the arkas formulated as gels were compared with flurbiprofen gel prepared using the same polymer. the changes in intraocular pressure were monitored at various time intervals after a single dose administration of the aqueous as well as gel formulations. in multiple dose studies the aqueous preparations were administered three times a day, while the gels were administered once a day up to day 30 and the intraocular pressure was monitored on different days post-administration. the findings reveal statistically significant differences (p < 0.05) between the arkas of the plant and the commercial eyedrop of flurbiprofen. the arkas of the plant proved to be better than the eyedrop of flurbiprofen, while with respect to gels, the intraocular pressure monitored at various time intervals revealed no statistically significant difference (p > 0.05) between the gel formulations. however, the changes in intraocular pressure monitored on different days post-administration until day 30, demonstrated that the gel produced from b. frondosa leaves arka was superior to all the other gels with respect to the extent of reduction of elevated intraocular pressure elicited experimentally.
costeroid can also be offered to control chronic cough nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) – treatment of constitutional symptoms of acute bronchitis, including mild-to-moderate pain antitus
overproduction of pichia pastoris or plasmodium falciparum protein disulfide isomerase affects expression, folding and o-linked glycosylation of a malaria vaccine candidate expressed in p. pastoris.
an intracellular pool of n-type voltage-operated calcium channels has recently been described in both imr32 human neuroblastoma and pc12 rat pheochromocytoma cells. these channels were found to be accumulated in subcellular fractions where the chromogranin b-containing secretory granules were also enriched. upon exocytosis n-type calcium channels were reversibly inserted in the plasma membrane. we have now extended this study to rinm5f rat insulinoma cells, and characterized the parallelism between the 'regulated' secretion of serotonin and the recruitment of surface calcium channels. exocytosis was stimulated by different means, such as depolarization with high kcl, high ba(2+)alone or protein kinase c activation; on the other hand exocytosis was inhibited with the non-selective calcium channel antagonist cd(2+)or with noradrenaline. stimulated release was always accompanied, with parallel kinetics, by calcium channel recruitment, while inhibition of secretion blocked calcium channel recruitment too. during repetitive depolarizations we revealed a potentiation of [ca(2+)]()i transients in single fura-2 loaded rinm5f cells, that was accompanied by an increase in surface voccs, suggesting a physiological role for the newly recruited channels. 2000 academic press@p$hr
comparative assessment of a foam-based oxidative treatment of hydrocarbon-contaminated unsaturated and anisotropic soils.
lungs of smokers and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) are severely compromised and are susceptible to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (sars-cov-2) attack. the dangerous combination of enhanced sars-cov-2 attachment receptor protein ace2 along with an increase in endocytic vacuoles will enable viral attachment, entry, and replication. the objective of the study was to identify the presence of sars-cov-2 host attachment receptor angiotensin-converting enzyme-2 (ace2) along with endocytic vacuoles, early endosome antigen-1 (eea1), late endosome marker rab7, cathepsin-l, and lysosomal associated membrane protein-1 (lamp-1) as lysosome markers in the airways of smokers and copd patients. the study design was cross-sectional and involved lung resections from 39 patients in total, which included 19 patients with global initiative for chronic obstructive lung disease (gold) stage i or gold stage ii copd, of which 9 were current smokers with copd (copd-cs) and 10 were ex-smokers with copd (copd-es), 10 were normal lung function smokers, and 10 were never-smoking normal controls. immunostaining for ace2, eea1, rab7, and cathepsin-l was done. a comparative description for ace2, eea1, rab7, and cathepsin-l expression pattern is provided for the patient groups. furthermore, staining intensity for lamp-1 lysosomes was measured as the ratio of the lamp-1-stained areas per total area of epithelium or subepithelium, using image proplus v7.0 software. lamp-1 expression showed a positive correlation to patient smoking history while in copd lamp-1 negatively correlated to lung function. the active presence of ace2 protein along with endocytic vacuoles such as early/late endosomes and lysosomes in the small airways of smokers and copd patients provides evidence that these patient groups could be more susceptible to covid-19.
deletion of megakaryocytic-specific regulatory sequences of gata-1 (gata1(tm2sho) or gata-1(low) mutation) results in severe thrombocytopenia, because of defective thrombocytopoiesis, and myelofibrosis. as documented here, the gata-1(low) mutation blocks megakaryocytic maturation between stage i and ii, resulting in accumulation of defective megakaryocytes (mks) in the tissues of gata-1(low) mice. the block in maturation includes failure to properly organize alpha granules because von willebrand factor is barely detectable in mutant mks, and p-selectin, although normally expressed, is found frequently associated with the demarcation membrane system (dms) instead of within granules. conversely, both von willebrand factor and p-selectin are barely detectable in gata-1(low) platelets. mutant mks are surrounded by numerous myeloperoxidase-positive neutrophils, some of which appear in the process to establish contact with mks by fusing their membrane with those of the dms. as a result, 16% (in spleen) to 34% (in marrow) of gata-1(low) mks contain 1 to 3 neutrophils embedded in a vacuolated cytoplasm. the neutrophil-embedded gata-1(low) mks have morphologic features (high electron density and negativity to tunel staining) compatible with those of cells dying from para-apoptosis. we suggest that such an increased and pathologic neutrophil emperipolesis may represent one of the mechanisms leading to myelofibrosis by releasing fibrogenic mk cytokines and neutrophil proteases in the microenvironment.
cardiac injury is typically a "late effect" that may only become apparent many years or even decades after rt. without prolonged follow-up, cardiac events attributable to rt are unlikely to be observed.●
the morphological patterns in the adult cuticle of drosophila are determined principally by the homeotic genes of the bithorax and antennapedia complexes. we find that many of these genes become indiscriminately active in the adult epidermis when the pc gene is eliminated. by using the pc3 mutation and various bx-c mutant combinations, we have generated clones of imaginal cells possessing different combinations of active homeotic genes. we find that, in the absence of bx-c genes, pc- clones develop prothoracic patterns; this is probably due to the activity of sex combs reduced which overrules antennapedia. adding contributions of ultrabithorax, abdominal-a and abdominal-b results in thoracic or abdominal patterns. we have established a hierarchical order among these genes: antp less than scr less than ubx less than abd-a less than abd-b. in addition, we show that the engrailed gene is ectopically active in pc- imaginal cells.
neuroplasticity in cerebral visual impairment (cvi): assessing functional vision and the neurophysiological correlates of dorsal stream dysfunction.
a registration-based prospective meta-analysis can, and arguably should, be established for any line of research that has matured to the point of confirmatory studies. ideally, a line of research will have at most one retrospective meta-analysis, and subsequent meta-analyses will be prospective. like typical retrospective meta-analyses, a registration-based prospective meta-analysis does not control the research efforts. it simply specifies prospectively the methodological decisions for a subsequent meta-analysis.
predictive validity and measurement issues in documenting quit intentions in population surveillance studies.
marketing of tenofovir disoproxil fumarate (tdf) lawsuits and social media misinformation campaigns' impact on prep uptake among gender and sexual minority individuals.
in light of findings from a recent study in which more than half of the cimt variance was not explained by conventional cardiovascular risk factors, additional contributors need to be identified [3]. oxidative stress biomarkers have been previously shown to be significantly associated with the risk of atherosclerosis and increased cimt after controlling for conventional risk factors of atherosclerosis [7]. as the rbls in our study was associated with the risk of higher cimt independent of conventional cvd risk factors and was also associated with oxidative stress biomarkers, it can be suggested that oxidative stress biomarkers may contribute to this role. lifestyle factors with more prooxidant and less antioxidant properties can synergistically work together to shift the body's biochemistry toward a state of oxidative stress, which can cause subclinical changes in cimt and gradually lead to the tissue remodelling associated with cvd.
we have studied the cytotoxic profile and distribution of lymphocyte subsets of patients with acute myelogenous leukemia in second remission, after continuous infusion with recombinant interleukin-2 (il-2). the patients received repetitive cycles of 1-1.25 x 10(6) u/m2/day of il-2, given as 4 days continuous intravenous infusion followed by a 3-day treatment-free interval for the first 4 weeks. patients receiving greater than 4 cycles were treated with the same dose of il-2 continuously for 4 days, followed by a 10-day treatment-free interval. these studies showed that il-2 treatment resulted in the generation of peripheral blood cytotoxic activity against both nk-susceptible, k-562, and nk-resistant daudi cell lines. in most patients, enhancement of lytic activity increased with the number of il-2 infusions. the cytotoxicity in some patients increased as much as 700-fold and 830-fold against k-562 and daudi cells, respectively. it is of importance that oncolytic activity was also induced in bone marrow compartment (up to 182-fold against k-562). some decline in cytotoxicity was observed within 14 days after initiation of il-2 infusion in peripheral blood, but high levels of lytic activity persisted at this time in bone marrow. it is of interest to note that the cytotoxicity of in vivo il-2 primed lymphocytes was further potentiated by il-2 in vitro. importantly, the cytotoxic cells induced in vitro displayed lytic activity against fresh leukemic blasts. phenotypic analysis demonstrated that cd3-, cd56+ nk cells were significantly increased by in vivo il-2 treatment (34 to 47-fold in absolute numbers), while cd3-, cd56+ t-cell subset remained low. characterization of cytotoxic cells using the complement-dependent assay and monoclonal antibodies indicated that both the in vivo-induced and ex vivo-potentiated lytic function was mediated by cd3-, cd56+, cd16- -nk cells.
16. the discussion is quite superficial. the authors might like to mention related approaches such as das181 and the discussions regarding this general approach
13. tanihara s  imatoh t  miyazaki m  babazono a  momose y  baba m  uryu y  une h   retrospective longitudinal study on the relationship between 8-year weight change and current eating speed appetite 2011 57 179 183 10.1016/j.appet.2011.04.017 21565235
many investigations on the floating height of a strip under a stable state have been made. referring to the jet theory in the field of hovercraft engineering, davie simplified the navier–stokes equation and derived a thin jet model [7]. more than a decade later, chang demonstrated that a thick jet model has more advantages when a strip floats very low [8]. however, the above mechanistic model is built based on a flow profile uniform and other ideal hypotheses, neglecting some undesirable factors in the actual industrial process. it is therefore difficult to meet the requirements of a practical industrial prediction. hou constructed a hybrid height prediction model, which combines the advantages of mechanistic and data models [9]. however, thin jet theory is still not suitable for the scene with a strip that has a low floating height [8]. the vibration floating characteristics and the instability conditions were discussed by cho and takeda et al. [5,10]. however, the floating process of the strip involves a fluid–solid coupling process that is too complex to be modeled.
20 endrikat j  shapiro h  lukkari-lax e  kunz m  schmidt w  fortier m   a canadian, multicentre study comparing the efficacy of a levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system to an oral contraceptive in women with idiopathic menorrhagia j obstet gynaecol can 2009 31 340 7 19497153
camurati-engelmann syndrometransforming growth factor beta 1phenotypenational research foundation of koreahttp://dx.doi.org/10.13039/501100003725nrf-2014m3c9a2064684
strangulation necrosis of the intestine in a patient with giant polycystic kidney disease: a rare cause of acute abdomen.
following co-culture,1 x 105 directly exposed and bystander cells were seeded onto p60 plates and cultured in their respective media with 10% fbs and cytochalasin-b (3 mg/ml) (sigma, bellefonte, usa) to arrest cells at the cytokinesis stage at 37°c in a 5% co2 incubator. the adherent cells were harvested after 72 hours and the suspension cultures after 48 hours. for suspension cultures, the cells were subject to a brief treatment with hypotonic solution (0.45% kcl) and fixed with methanol and acetic acid in the ratio 3:1. the cells were dropped on cold glass slides, stained with 10% giemsa solution (ph 6.8, gibco, burlington, usa) and analysed under a light microscope. the adherent cells were washed with phosphate buffer saline (pbs), fixed with ice-cold methanol and air dried after 72 hours of incubation. the cells were stained with diamino-phenyle-indole (dapi) (vysisinc, downers grove, usa) and visualized using a fluorescence microscope.
43. lohmann g  margulies ds  horstmann a  pleger b  lepsien j  goldhahn d  schloegl h  stumvoll m  villringer a  turner r   eigenvector centrality mapping for analyzing connectivity patterns in fmri data of the human brain plos one 2010 5 e10232 20436911
32 pegg ae   methylation of the o6 position of guanine in dna is the most likely initiating event in carcinogenesis by methylating agents cancer invest 1984 2 223 31 6733565
the human nasal epithelium contains basal stem/progenitor cells that produce differentiated multiciliated and mucosecretory progeny. basal epithelial cells can be expanded in cell culture and instructed to differentiate at an air-liquid interface using transwell membranes and differentiation media. for basal cell expansion, we have used 3t3-j2 co-culture in epithelial culture medium containing egf, insulin, and a rho-associated protein kinase (rock) inhibitor, y-27632 (3t3 + y). here we describe our protocols for ciliated differentiation of these cultures at air-liquid interface and compare four commercially available differentiation media, across nine donor cell cultures (six healthy, two patients with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd), and one with primary ciliary dyskinesia (pcd)). bright-field and immunofluorescence imaging suggested broad similarity between differentiation protocols. subtle differences were seen in transepithelial electrical resistance (teer), ciliary beat frequency, mucus production, and the extent to which basal cells are retained in differentiated cultures. overall, the specific differentiation medium used in our air-liquid interface culture protocol was not a major determinant of ciliation, and our data suggest that the differentiation potential of basal cells at the outset is a more critical factor in air-liquid interface culture outcome. detailed information on the constituents of the differentiation media was only available from one of the four manufacturers, a factor that may have profound implications in the interpretation of some research studies.
the relatively low similarity between donor and recipient microbiota at w6 suggest that a higher number of fmts per patient and/or the use of multidonor infusions might be associated with better outcome, as suggested by other investigators in uc [17, 30].
the total duration of orthodontic treatment was 4 months. class i molar and canine relationships were established at the end of the treatment. moreover, crowding in the mandible and maxilla was corrected, and optimal overjet and overbite were established. no scar tissue was observed in any gingival region on which discision was performed. also, there was no resorption or pathology in the apical regions of the teeth in the panoramic radiographic examination that was obtained after the completion of orthodontic treatment. the examination of periodontal health showed that highly acceptable outcomes have been obtained (figures 4 & 5). the patient was followed-up for 6 months post-treatment, and the occlusion was perfect without any relapse and no root resorptions were detected on the 6-months posttreatment radiographs (figure 6).
rajski ł. beraza i. gómez ramos m. j. ferrer c. fernández-alba a. r.   (2020 ). evaluation of segmented non-target data acquisition (swath/vdia) in a qtof and qorbitrap for pesticide residue analysis
mass spectrometric separation and determination of n1,n12-diacetylspermine in the urine of cancer patients.
data were analyzed on graphpad prism (la jolla, usa). the results are represented as standard deviation or ±sem from three independent replicates and experiments were conducted at least thrice. p-values were calculated using students t-test and p < 0.05 were considered significant. *p  <  0.05, **p  <  0.01, ***p  <  0.001. for time kinetics analysis, we used identical time points to compare differences due to mirna and control mimic transfection on antigen processing and uptake. because these processes increase over time as observed with increase in both bodipy and texas red intensity, we avoided comparison across different time points and therefore the significance values were derived from t-test analysis.
to examine the associations between intakes of calcium, vitamin d, and dairy foods and the risk of colon cancer, the authors analyzed data from a prospective study of 47,935 us male professionals, 40-75 years of age and free of cancer in 1986. within this cohort, 203 new cases of colon cancer were documented between 1986 and 1992. after adjusting for age and total energy intake, the authors found that the intake of calcium from foods and supplements was inversely associated with colon cancer risk (relative risk (rr) = 0.58, 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.39-087 between high and low intakes of calcium). however, after adjusting for confounding variables, they found that the trend was no longer statistically significant (p = 0.22), and the relative risk for the highest quintile group of intake was attenuated: 0.75 (95% ci 0.48-1.15). similar results were observed for total vitamin d intake; the age- and energy-adjusted relative risk was 0.54% (95% ci 0/34-0/85) for the highest versus lowest quintile group, and this was attenuated in the multivariate model (rr = 0.66, 95% ci 0.42-1.05). the inverse association was weaker for dietary vitamin d (rr highest vs. lowest quintile = 0.88. 95% ci 0.54-1.42) and strongest for vitamin d arising from vitamin supplements (rr = 0.48, 95% ci 0.22-1.02). thus, it is possible that other components of multivitamin use rather than vitamin d accounted for the reduction in risk. consumption of milk and fermented dairy products was not significantly associated with the risk of colon cancer; individuals consuming two or more glasses of "whole" or skim milk per day had a relative risk of 1.09 (95% ci 0.69-1.72), compared with those who consumed "whole or skim milk less than once a month. these prospective data do not support the hypothesis that calcium intake is strongly protective against colon cancer risk, although a modest association cannot be excluded.
51. datla s.r.  dusting g.j.  mori t.a.  taylor c.j.  croft k.d.  jiang f.   induction of heme oxygenase-1 in vivo suppresses nadph oxidase derived oxidative stress hypertension 2007 50 636 642 10.1161/hypertensionaha.107.092296 17679649
result from a series of attacks of acute bronchitis, or it may evolve gradually because of heavy smoking or inhalation of air contaminated with other pollutants in the environment. when so-called smo
enzymatic insertion of lipids increases membrane tension for inhibiting drug resistant cancer cells.
successful treatment of maternal phenylketonuria with a formula consisting of low phenylalanine peptide as a protein source.
the effects of dexamethasone on the modulation of insulin secretion by recombinant human interleukin-1 beta (il-1) were examined in hit-t 15 cells. the addition of il-1 from 1.2 x 10(-8) to 10(-10) m increased insulin secretion in the 0-4-h period after il-1 administration and prostaglandin e2 (pge2) production was suppressed by il-1 from 1.2 x 10(-8) to 10(-12) m. at all doses used, il-1 inhibited insulin secretion in the 4-24-h period after il-1 administration and pge2 levels were increased in the culture medium. in the second experiment, the addition of 10(-7) m dexamethasone prevented the inhibitory effects of il-1 on insulin secretion. in the third experiment, dexamethasone at 10(-7) m attenuated both the short-term stimulation of insulin release and the long-term suppression of insulin release caused by il-1. it also prevented the effects of il-1 on pge2 production. the present studies suggest that dexamethasone may have a suppressive action on the effects of il-1 on in vitro insulin secretion.
salinity has a strong impact on bacterial community composition such that freshwater bacterial communities are very different from those in seawater. by contrast, little is known about the composition and diversity of the bacterial community in the sediments (bacteriobenthos) at the freshwater-seawater transition (mesohaline conditions). in this study, partial 16s-rrna sequences were used to investigate the bacterial community at five stations, representing almost freshwater (oligohaline) to marine conditions, in the baltic sea. samples were obtained from the silty, top-layer (0-2.5 cm) sediments with mostly oxygenated conditions. the long water residence time characteristic of the baltic sea, was predicted to enable the development of autochthonous bacteriobenthos at mesohaline conditions. our results showed that, similar to the water column, salinity is a major factor in structuring the bacteriobenthos and that there is no loss of bacterial richness at intermediate salinities. the bacterial communities of marine, mesohaline, and oligohaline sediments differed in terms of the relative rrna abundances of the major bacterial phyla/classes. at mesohaline conditions typical marine and oligohaline operational taxonomic units (otus) were abundant. putative unique otus in mesohaline sediments were present only at low abundances, suggesting that the mesohaline environment consists mainly of marine and oligohaline bacteria with a broad salinity tolerance. our study provides a first overview of the diversity patterns and composition of bacteria in the sediments along the baltic sea salinity gradient as well as new insights into the bacteriobenthos at mesohaline conditions.
protein stability in ionic solutions depends on the delicate balance between protein-ion and ion-ion interactions. for molecular ions containing multiple charged groups, the role of ion-ion interactions is particularly important. in this study, we show how the interplay between homo- and heteroion pairing influences protein stability using polyarginine salts as a model system. for the chloride salts, protein thermostability decreases as the size of the peptide increases, indicating enhanced binding to the protein. moreover, it indicates reduced homoion pairing between gdm(+) and carboxylate groups that is largely responsible for aggregation suppression, rather than denaturation, in monomeric arginine solutions. however, for the sulfate salts, strong heteroion pairing between the gdm(+) groups and the sulfate counterions compensates for the loss of homoion pairing and, in return, leads to enhanced thermostability and a dramatically reduced (up to 10-30 times) rate of protein aggregation. molecular dynamics simulations reveal how this ion pairing enhances conformational stability and, at the same time, reduces protein association. this study provides insight into complex ion effects on protein stability and serves as an example of how these intrasolvent interactions can be leveraged to enhance protein stability.
motb is an essential component of the proton motive force-driven bacterial flagellar motor. it binds to the stress-bearing layer of peptidoglycan in the periplasm, anchoring the mota/motb stator unit to the cell wall. proton flow through the channel formed by the transmembrane helices of mota and motb generates the turning force (torque) applied to the rotor. crystals of recombinant helicobacter pylori motb have been obtained by the sitting-drop vapour-diffusion method using ammonium sulfate as a precipitant. these crystals belong to space group p4(1)2(1)2 or its enantiomorph p4(3)2(1)2, with unit-cell parameters a = 75.2, b = 75.2, c = 124.7 a. the asymmetric unit appears to contain one subunit, corresponding to a packing density of 3.4 a(3) da(-1). the crystals diffract x-rays to at least 1.8 a resolution on a synchrotron-radiation source.
35 hunt t.   on the regulation of protein phosphatase 2a and its role in controlling entry into and exit from mitosis adv. biol. regul. 53 2013 173 178 23672858
30 medline indexed indian journals publishing clinical trials were identified and their editorial policies on trial registration were assessed. trial registration number was required in 9 journals (30%).16 journals (53.33%) encouraged adherence to the consort statement, while 22 (73.33%) mentioned icmje guidelines.
dynamic gamma motor neurons innervate the dynamic nuclear bag fibers (bag1 fibers), another type of nuclear bag fiber smaller than the static nuclear bag fibers.
we analyzed the cd and uv absorption spectra of 5s rna from escherichia coli using the method developed in the preceding paper. the analysis of spectra of 5s rna at 20 degrees c in 0.1m naclo4, 2.5 mm na+ (phosphate), ph 7.0, and 0.5 mm mgso4 gave 7 +/- 3.6 a.u base pairs, 25 +/- 3.6 g.c base pairs, and 7.5 +/- 3.6 g.u base pairs. estimates of nearest neighbor base pairs were more consistent with the pieler-erdmann and the gewirth-moore secondary structure models than with the fox-woese or the burns-luoma-marshall models. we also examined the structure of 5s rna as a function of temperature. the melting profile exhibited two transitions--one at about 35 degrees c and one above 50 degrees c. our spectral data showed that helices i and ii were stable during the first transition, and agreed with other data that helix iii was the most likely helix to have melted. the results from this in-depth study of 5s rna indicate that our method of analysis should be useful for studying the secondary structures of other small, unmodified rnas.
the effects of endothelin, et-1, on pulmonary and systemic hemodynamics were studied in the open chest dog and changes in systemic arterial pressure in dogs under conscious and anesthetized states were compared. rapid intravenous (iv) bolus injections of et-1, 100-1,000 nanograms/kg, significantly decreased systemic arterial pressure, and significantly decreased systemic vascular resistance whereas left atrial pressure and pulmonary vascular resistance were not altered. reductions in systemic arterial pressure in response to bolus injection of et-1, 100 and 300 nanograms/kg iv, during conscious state and during anesthesia were similar, respectively. the present data suggest that et-1 dilates the systemic vascular bed independent of the animal's state of consciousness. the present data also suggest that when compared to the systemic vascular bed, the pulmonary vascular bed is less responsive to bolus administration of et-1.
a descriptive terminology for jaw abnormalities was developed and has been used for many years. this terminology was based primarily on inspection of patients and evaluation of cephalometric x-ray images and defines the anatomic location of abnormalities. its aids in communication between doctors of different specialties.
dental transplantation can be a useful and efficious technic. it was first described by ambroise pare and the authors have had over 12 years success and failures enough to present clinical cases and illustrations of the surgery and the orthodontic treatment. success depends essentially on the right indication, the time and the exact methodical technic, reproducible in a treatment plan.
a simple selective luminescent dependent approach was established for quantitation of two selective β
pneumonia	+	n.d.	n.d.	n.d.	m/m	484	+	relatively preserved from atrophy, prp depositts and microspheres in the midbrain
analysis of mineral deposition in turkey tendons and self-assembled collagen fibers using mechanical techniques.
on determining firing delay time of transitions for petri net based signaling pathways by introducing stochastic decision rules.
the major risk factors for coronary heart disease in women are much the same as in men. they include elevated cholesterol, hypertension, diabetes, cigarette smoking, severe obesity, a history of stroke and/or thromboembolic disease, and a family history of premature coronary heart disease. diabetes appears to confer a greater risk and hypertension to have a lesser effect in women than in men. the obstetrician-gynecologist's role as primary care physician is important in terms of risk reduction counseling in areas that are amenable to change: diet, exercise and cigarette smoking. a fourth area, prescribing hormonal therapy, including oral contraceptives and hormone replacement, is the one risk reduction modality that is within the physician's control.
the mptp macaque model was used to study the morphological and proteomic effects in da-depleted striatum with and without subsequent acute and chronic l-dopa treatment. chronic l-dopa treatment is associated with l-dopa induced dyskinesia (lid). although recently challenged [31], the classic priming concept posits that lid results from a progressive sensitization through repeated administrations. at odds with this classic view, the present data suggests that the da-depleted striatum is so sensitive to a de novo acute l-dopa treatment that the first ever administration alone is able to induce rapid ptm-based proteomic changes that do not seem to be modified by chronic l-dopa treatment. more in agreement with the classical view, we notice a shift in protein expression in several metabolic pathways connected to the tca and the mitochondrial electron transport.
regarding "angioplasty with stent graft versus bare stent for recurrent cephalic arch stenosis in autogenous arteriovenous access for hemodialysis: a prospective randomized clinical trial".
noncoding rnas are emerging as important players in gene regulation and disease pathogeneses. here, we show that a previously uncharacterized long noncoding rna, nexilin f-actin binding protein antisense rna 1 (nexn-as1), modulates the expression of the actin-binding protein nexn and that nexn exerts a protective role against atherosclerosis. an expression microarray analysis showed that the expression of both nexn-as1 and nexn was reduced in human atherosclerotic plaques. in vitro experiments revealed that nexn-as1 interacted with the chromatin remodeler baz1a and the 5' flanking region of the nexn gene and that it also upregulated nexn expression. augmentation of nexn-as1 expression inhibited tlr4 oligomerization and nf-κb activity, downregulated the expression of adhesion molecules and inflammatory cytokines by endothelial cells, and suppressed monocyte adhesion to endothelial cells. these inhibitory effects of nexn-as1 were abolished by knockdown of nexn. in vivo experiments using apoe-knockout mice fed a western high-fat diet demonstrated that nexn deficiency promoted atherosclerosis and increased macrophage abundance in atherosclerotic lesions, with heightened expression of adhesion molecules and inflammatory cytokines, whereas augmented nexn expression deterred atherosclerosis. patients with coronary artery disease were found to have lower blood nexn levels than healthy individuals. these results indicate that nexn-as1 and nexn represent potential therapeutic targets in atherosclerosis-related diseases.
discrepancies between malaria inoculation rates measured entomologically and parasitologically may be explained, at least in part, if infants and children receive less mosquito bites per night than do adults. we found that this problem could be studied by choosing women and children of different abo blood groups. in preliminary laboratory studies it was found that the blood group of a mosquito's blood meal could be determined in parous and nulliparous mosquitoes for at least 24 hours, and, nullipares up to 34 hours, after feeding. an antiserum against the o group was necessary to distinguish non a or b red cells from those of animal origin. cross reactions did occur, presumably as a result of the digestion by mosquitoes of the red cell surfaces, but in every case the strongest and earliest developing agglutination was that of the host. field studies were made using women and children sleeping under mosquito nets, the holes in which made the nets a trapping device. the women, on average, received over seven times more bites per night than did the children. the migration of blood-fed mosquitoes from one net to another was negligible.
34. gupta pk    administration of adult human bone marrow-derived, cultured, pooled, allogeneic mesenchymal stromal cells in critical limb ischemia due to buerger’s disease: phase ii study report suggests clinical efficacy journal of vascular surgery 2017 66 1303 10.1016/j.jvs.2017.08.009
insufficient oxygenation (hypoxia), acidic ph (acidosis), and elevated levels of reactive oxygen species (ros), such as h2o2, are characteristic abnormalities of the tumor microenvironment (tme). these abnormalities promote tumor aggressiveness, metastasis, and resistance to therapies. to date, there is no treatment available for comprehensive modulation of the tme. approaches so far have been limited to regulating hypoxia, acidosis, or ros individually, without accounting for their interdependent effects on tumor progression and response to treatments. hence we have engineered multifunctional and colloidally stable bioinorganic nanoparticles composed of polyelectrolyte-albumin complex and mno2 nanoparticles (a-mno2 nps) and utilized the reactivity of mno2 toward peroxides for regulation of the tme with simultaneous oxygen generation and ph increase. in vitro studies showed that these nps can generate oxygen by reacting with h2o2 produced by cancer cells under hypoxic conditions. a-mno2 nps simultaneously increased tumor oxygenation by 45% while increasing tumor ph from ph 6.7 to ph 7.2 by reacting with endogenous h2o2 produced within the tumor in a murine breast tumor model. intratumoral treatment with nps also led to the downregulation of two major regulators in tumor progression and aggressiveness, that is, hypoxia-inducible factor-1 alpha and vascular endothelial growth factor in the tumor. combination treatment of the tumors with nps and ionizing radiation significantly inhibited breast tumor growth, increased dna double strand breaks and cancer cell death as compared to radiation therapy alone. these results suggest great potential of a-mno2 nps for modulation of the tme and enhancement of radiation response in the treatment of cancer.
twenty patients returned home, 10 from each group. five patients died, three in the treated group and two in the control group. two patients were transferred to another hospital to have extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ecmo), one from each group. five patients in the control group were transferred for continuation of medical care in another establishment. the remaining 12 patients are still hospitalised at the time of writing this article.
associations between alcohol drinking and multiple risk factors for atherosclerosis in smokers and nonsmokers.
molecular mimicry in the chronic myeloproliferative disorders: reciprocity between quantitative jak2 v617f and mpl expression.
iduals who are otherwise healthy, although it may result in absenteeism from work and school. severe cases occasionally produce deterioration in patients with significant underlying cardiopulmonary di
hormonal regulation of collagen degradation in the uterus: inhibition of collagenase expression by progesterone and cyclic amp.
epithelial ovarian cancer has the highest mortality rate among gynecological cancers. altered glycosylation is associated with oncogenic transformation producing tumor-associated carbohydrate antigens. we investigated the potential of natural occurring antiglycan antibodies in the diagnosis of ovarian cancer by using printed glycan array. antiglycan antibodies bound to 203 chemically synthesized printed glycans were detected via biotin-streptavidin fluorescence system in serum of women with normal operative findings (healthy controls; n = 24) and nonmucinous borderline or ovarian cancer of various figo stages (n = 33). data were validated measuring blood group associated di-, tri and tetrasaccharide antigens on known abo blood groups. antiglycan antibodies demonstrated high reproducibility (r(c)  > 0.9). cluster analysis identified repetitive patterns of specific core carbohydrate structures: 11 n-linked glycans, 3 o-linked glycans and 2 glycosphingolipids. biomarker detection revealed 24 glycans including p(1)  (galα1-4galβ1-4glcnacβ; p < 0.001) significantly discriminating between (low-) malignant tumors and healthy controls. comparable sensitivity and specificity with tumor marker ca125 was achieved by a panel of multivariate selected and linear combined antiglycan antibody signals (79.2 and 84.8%, respectively). our findings demonstrate the potential of glycan arrays in the development of a new generation of biomarkers for ovarian cancer.
16 gross f  gysin f   phototherapy in psychiatry: clinical update and review of indications l’encéphale 1996 22 143 148
three studies tested the roles of implicit and/or explicit self-esteem in reactions to mortality salience. in study 1, writing about death versus a control topic increased worldview defense among participants low in implicit self-esteem but not among those high in implicit self-esteem. in study 2, a manipulation to boost implicit self-esteem reduced the effect of mortality salience on worldview defense. in study 3, mortality salience increased the endorsement of positive personality descriptions but only among participants with the combination of low implicit and high explicit self-esteem. these findings indicate that high implicit self-esteem confers resilience against the psychological threat of death, and therefore the findings provide direct support for a fundamental tenet of terror management theory regarding the anxiety-buffering role of self-esteem.
to investigate the importance of stat protein activation in leukemia inhibitory factor (lif)-mediated induction of neuropeptide gene transcription, we compared signaling to the 180-bp cytokine response element (cyre) in the vasoactive intestinal peptide (vip) promoter by interferon-gamma (ifn-gamma) and lif. we show that lif and ifn-gamma activate stat proteins but only lif activates vip gene transcription. thus stat activation is not sufficient for vip transcriptional activation. in a cyre reporter plasmid, in which the stat site has been deleted, lif, but not ifn-gamma, activates transcription, indicating that sequences within the cyre distinct from the stat site are important to lif-mediated transcriptional activation. the cyre does not mediate transcriptional activation to lif in a non-vipergic cell line, suggesting that cell-specific factors exist which are permissive for cytokine-dependent regulation of gene expression. human and mouse sequences are highly conserved in the region of the cyre, consistent with the functional importance of multiple regions of the cyre. these findings show that regions within the cyre distinct from the stat site are important to the lif-dependent regulation of vip gene expression and enable the cyre to respond in a cell-specific and cytokine-specific manner.
16 inno a.  metro g.  bironzo p.   pathogenesis, clinical manifestations and management of immune checkpoint inhibitors toxicity tumori j 103 5 2017 405 421
patients with stroke have elevated hemiparetic gait costs secondary to low activity levels and are often severely deconditioned. decrements in peak aerobic capacity affect functional ability and cardiovascular-metabolic health and may be partially mediated by molecular changes in hemiparetic skeletal muscle. conventional rehabilitation is time delimited in the subacute stroke phase and does not provide adequate aerobic intensity to reverse the profound detriments to fitness and function that result from stroke. hence, we have studied progressive full body weight-support treadmill (tm) training as an adjunct therapy in the chronic stroke phase. task-oriented tm training has produced measurable changes in fitness, function, and indices of cardiovascular-metabolic health after stroke, but the precise mechanisms for these changes remain under investigation. further, the optimal dose of this therapy has yet to be identified for individuals with stroke and may vary as a function of deficit severity and outcome goals. this article summarizes the functional and metabolic decline caused by inactivity after stroke and provides current evidence that supports the use of tm training during the chronic stroke phase, with protocols and inclusion/exclusion criteria described. our research findings are discussed in relation to associated research.
clinical and ct features in pediatric patients with covid-19 infection: different points from adults.
prolonged stabilization during a mass casualty incident at sea in the era of distributed maritime operations.
putative suppressing effect of igg fc-conjugated haemagglutinin (ha) stalk of influenza virus h7n9 on the neutralizing immunogenicity of fc-conjugated ha head: implication for rational design of ha-based influenza vaccines.
saturation of cholesteryl esters produced by human meibomian gland epithelial cells after treatment with rosiglitazone.
inducible nitric oxide synthase is involved in corticotropin-releasing hormone-mediated central sympatho-adrenal outflow in rats.
[work experience of the perm provincial medical society of dentists with dental technicians and nurses].
magnetic water treatment in a wastewater treatment plant: part i - sorption and magnetic particles.
interstitial cells of leydig characteristically occur in clusters around blood vessels. often these clusters remain intact when interstitial tissues are mechanically separated from other components of the testis. the presence of strong intercellular attachments is most likely one of the factors responsible for maintaining the integrity of leydig cell clusters. in many tissues, actin associated adhesion junctions commonly provide intercellular attachment. to determine if actin associated adhesion junctions are present between leydig cells, we have used 1) immunofluorescence to probe for two components that characterize these junctions in other tissues and 2) electron microscopy to examine areas of intercellular contact for evidence of microfilament related adhesion junctions. isolated clusters of unsectioned cells, which had been fixed and detergent extracted, were probed with the f-actin specific strains rhodamine phalloidin and nbd-phallacidin and with an affinity purified primary antibody raised against human platelet vinculin. in regions of intercellular contact, fluorescence staining with the actin probes was intense and appeared as a solid linear band. similar regions also stained with the vinculin probe. in double label experiments, actin and vinculin probes were co-distributed at sites of intercellular contact. zones of intercellular contact, apparently similar to those detected with fluorescence microscopy, were observed at the ultrastructural level. at these sites, subsurface filaments, interpreted by us as actin, formed a dense carpet adjacent to the plasma membrane on each side of the junction. these filaments appeared to be organized into networks rather than discrete bundles.(abstract truncated at 250 words)
external support may improve task performance regardless of an individual's ability to compensate for cognitive deficits through internally generated mechanisms. we investigated if performance of a complex, familiar visual search task (the game of bingo) could be enhanced in groups with suboptimal vision by providing external support through manipulation of task stimuli. participants were 19 younger adults, 14 individuals with probable alzheimer's disease (ad), 13 ad-matched healthy adults, 17 non-demented individuals with parkinson's disease (pd), and 20 pd-matched healthy adults. we varied stimulus contrast, size, and visual complexity during game play. the externally supported performance interventions of increased stimulus size and decreased complexity resulted in improvements in performance by all groups. ad also obtained benefit from increasing contrast, presumably by compensating for their contrast sensitivity deficit. the general finding of improved performance across healthy and afflicted groups suggests the value of visual support as an easy-to-apply intervention to enhance cognitive performance.
in a retrospective study, hypercalcemia was found on one or more occasions in 14 of 156 patients with newly detected, still active or relapsing non-hodgkin's lymphoma (nhl). the incidence of hypercalcemia correlated with the histological grade of malignancy: patients with high grade nhl had a hypercalcemia incidence of 23%. half of the patients had hypercalcemia-related symptoms, and 4 of 14 had hypercalcemia-induced renal impairment. the occurrence or recurrence of hypercalcemia correlated with progression of nhl. remission-inducing chemotherapy and symptomatic treatment of hypercalcemia corrected the serum calcium.
a retrospective pharmacokinetic analysis was performed for eight newer cephalosporins and penicillins and one aminoglycoside used in treating 10 microorganisms for which the antibiotics are considered to be primary alternatives. the pharmacokinetic indices assessed were the three components of the steady-state temporal blood concentration profile: (1) the magnitude of the peak antibiotic blood level at steady state compared with the mininum inhibitory concentration (cssmax/mic), (2) the number of hours that the blood level is greater than the mic during a 72-hour treatment period, and (3) the intensity index, which is a dimensionless term that reflects the contributions of both the peak serum level of the antibiotic and duration of this level above the mic. substantial differences were demonstrated in pharmacokinetic indices for dosage regimens used in treating specific microorganisms for which the antibiotics are considered the primary alternative agents. moxalactam, cefoxitin, and piperacillin demonstrated the best pharmacokinetic performances for the third-generation cephalosporin, second-generation cephalosporin, and newer penicillin groups, respectively. the data suggest that some antibiotics, notably moxalactam and cefotaxime, may be effective at lower doses than commonly recommended, while others, like cefoperazone, cefamandole, and azlocillin, are probably often ineffective even at high doses.
in figure 2, it is unclear why figure 2b shows staining in the spleen while the other panels of the figures pertain to the thymus. similarly to the previous comment, it is unclear why only 30% of the cells would be expressing nk1.1 in that tissue.
the inclusion of nonphysician providers greatly reduces but does not eliminate all areas of inadequate spatial access to primary care.
td-dft and experimental methods for unraveling the energy distribution of charge-transfer triplet/singlet states of a tadf molecule in a frozen matrix.
or protein. specific molecular analysis is made by single-strand confirmation polymorphism (sscp), direct dna analysis, denaturing gradient gel electrophoresis, or reverse transcriptase–polymerase cha
48 beulens jwj  booth sl  van den heuvel eghm    the role of menaquinones (vitamin k2) in human health br j nutr 2013 110 1357 1368 23590754
rabin r de charro f eq-5d: a measure of health status from the euroqol group ann med 2001 33 337 343 10.3109/07853890109002087 11491192
children with autism spectrum disorder demonstrate challenges in socialization that can interfere with their participation in common childhood activities and can persist or worsen if not addressed. the purpose of this study was to assess whether individualized education program (iep) social goals could be targeted by a supervised paraprofessional during a short-term inclusive summer camp program. data were collected using a concurrent multiple baseline design across four children. results showed that following a 2-week summer camp program all participants made social improvements, reaching their year-long iep goals, that maintained at follow-up in natural environments. further, the paraprofessionals reached fidelity of implementation. findings are discussed in terms of the value and feasibility of providing social interventions in inclusive summer camps.
figure 1 presents a timeline of the five consecutive cross‐sectional surveys and the phases of ppi, post‐cessation of cwf and api between 2004 and 2017. the 2004 survey was conducted by a single calibrated examiner in a dental van with the aid of a dental chair and light.23 the 2012 and 2015‐2017 surveys were conducted by a team of two to four calibrated examiners in a specially set‐up classroom using mobile, reclinable dental chairs with fixed‐ and head‐led lights.24, 25 the world health organization's (who) “oral health surveys – basic methods (4th edition)” methodology was used in the 2004 and 2012 surveys.26 the international caries detection and assessment system (icdas‐ii) was used in the 2015‐2017 surveys.27 icdas‐ii codes 3‐6, representing advanced caries, were combined to allow comparison to the decayed component of the dmf caries index.28, 29, 30
concomitant, distinct fractures of the capitellum and trochlea separating the whole articular surface of the distal humerus in the coronal plane.
imately 1 case per 250,000 population. two thirds of cases are familial, and one third of cases are believed to arise from new mutations. international the incidence of xla around the world does not v
as part of a larger study into the pattern of care delivered to hospitalized mentally retarded adults, an attitude survey was undertaken. factor analysis on questionnaires returned by 696 nurses yielded a three factor solution. one factor, concerned with the expectations that nurses hold of the potential level of patient accomplishment, was examined. different grades of staff were found to hold significantly different views on a scale ranging from "optimist" to "pessimist". results from 30 hospitals showed that, after correcting for this grade effect, there were substantial institutional differences.
first, as our study is the first of its kind, no comparison with the literature is possible. while there is a multitude of accuracy studies for guided dental implant surgery, the interest in guided root-end resection is quite new, and research into this topic is in the exploratory phase. still, we consider it important to share our experience, as the literature shows that the method is becoming widespread. our data indicate that the method is safe and accurate enough for the purpose.
plos oneplos oneplosplosoneplos one1932-6203public library of science san francisco, ca usa 10.1371/journal.pone.0159293pone-d-16-07918research articlecomputer and information sciencesnetwork analysissocial networkssocial sciencessociologysocial networksbiology and life sciencesnutritiondietalcohol consumptionmedicine and health sciencesnutritiondietalcohol consumptionmedicine and health sciencespublic and occupational healthphysical activityecology and environmental sciencesterrestrial environmentsbuilt environmentmedicine and health sciencesmental health and psychiatrymedicine and health scienceshealth carequality of lifebiology and life sciencesdevelopmental biologyorganism developmentagingbiology and life sciencesphysiologyphysiological processesagingmedicine and health sciencesphysiologyphysiological processesagingpeople and placesgeographical locationseuropespaindeterminants of quality of life in ageing populations: results from a cross-sectional study in finland, poland and spain determinants of qol in finland, poland and spainhttp://orcid.org/0000-0002-7433-7779raggi alberto 1*corso barbara 2minicuci nadia 2quintas rui 1sattin davide 1de torres laura 1chatterji somnath 3frisoni giovanni battista 45haro josep maria 610koskinen seppo 7martinuzzi andrea 8miret marta 91011tobiasz-adamczyk beata 12leonardi matilde 11 neurological institute c. besta irccs foundation, neurology, public health and disability unit, milan, italy2 national council research, neuroscience institute, padova, italy3 world health organization, information, evidence and research unit, geneva, switzerland4 irccs istituto centro san giovanni di dio-fatebenefratelli, laboratory of alzheimer's neuroimaging and epidemiology, brescia, italy5 memory clinic and lanvie, university hospitals and university of geneva, geneva, switzerland6 parc sanitari sant joan de déu, university of barcelona, cibersam, barcelona, spain7 national institute for health and welfare, population health research unit, helsinki, finland8 e. medea scientific institute, conegliano-pieve di soligo research centre, conegliano veneto, italy9 department of psychiatry, universidad autónoma de madrid, madrid, spain10 instituto de salud carlos iii, centro de investigación biomédica en red de salud mental, cibersam, spain11 department of psychiatry, hospital universitario de la princesa, instituto de investigación sanitaria princesa (ip), madrid, spain12 department of medical sociology, chair of epidemiology and preventive medicine, jagiellonian university medical college, krakow, polandnazir aamir editorcsir-central drug research institute, indiacompeting interests: the authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
we suggest using the upper limit of the reference range for ufc and salivary cortisol and a serum cortisol concentration <1.8 mcg/dl (50 nmol/l) after dexamethasone as the cutoffs for a normal response. (see 'initial testing' above.)●
for the flow cytometric analyses, pe-conjugated anti-hla-abc, anti-hla-a0201, anti-hla-dpdqdr, anti-tap1, anti-tap2, anti-cd69, anti-cd86, anti-pd-1l and anti-cd107a monoclonal antibodies were purchased from bd pharmingen. fitc-conjugated anti-cd8 and pe-conjugated mart-1-hla-a2 and ebv-hla-a2 tetramers were purchased from beckman coulter. stained cells were analyzed on a facs calibur (bd pharmingen). to evaluate membrane antigen expression, the index of specific fluorescence (isf) was determined. this was calculated using the following formula: (median fluorescence intensity (mfi) with the specific antibody – mfi with the isotype control/mfi with the isotype control).
prostate – 7 percenthowever, thromboembolism can precede the diagnosis of malignancy [73-75]. in one report, for example, 250 consecutive patients with symptomatic dvt were evaluated, 105 of whom had an identified cause or risk factor for the thrombosis [73]. malignancy was identified at the time of the thrombotic event in five (3.3 percent) of 153 patients with no other identifiable risk factor. during a two-year follow-up, there was an increased incidence of cancer in the patients with idiopathic thrombosis compared with the 105 patients with secondary thrombosis (8 versus 2 percent). the incidence of cancer was considerably higher (17 percent) among the 35 patients with recurrent idiopathic venous thrombosis.other studies have noted a less prominent association of venous thromboembolism with previously undiagnosed cancer. a danish study evaluated almost 27,000 patients with vte; the standardized incidence ratio for cancer was only 1.3 compared with those without dvt or pulmonary embolism [74].when compared with a group of patients with cancer who did not have vte, matched in terms of type of cancer, age, sex, and year of diagnosis, the group with vte tended to have a higher prevalence of distant metastasis (44 versus 35 percent) and a lower one-year survival (12 versus 36 percent). similar results were obtained in those patients in whom cancer was diagnosed within one year after an episode of vte.the role of screening for malignancy in patients with venous thromboembolism is discussed separately. (see "evaluating adult patients with established venous thromboembolism for acquired and inherited risk factors", section on 'evaluation for occult malignancy'.)surgery — thrombotic risk is greatly increased during surgery, particularly orthopedic, major vascular, neurosurgery, and cancer surgery [76-79]. risk factors in this group include older age, previous venous thromboembolism, the coexistence of malignancy or medical illness (eg, cardiac disease), thrombophilia, and longer surgical, anesthesia, and immobilization times [76,78,80-84]. without prophylaxis, there is a markedly increased risk of both venous thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. (see "prevention of venous thromboembolic disease in adult nonorthopedic surgical patients".)according to the older 2004 accp anticoagulation guidelines, patients undergoing surgical procedures were divided into the following risk categories (table 4) [85]:●
we report data showing that developed pressure (dpmax) may lead to opposite conclusion with respect to maximal developed circumferential wall stress (sigma max) when used to assess contractile function in left ventricle isovolumic preparations. isovolumetric left ventricle preparations of rats with cardiac hypertrophy (h; n = 10) induced by isoproterenol administration showed higher dpmax (174 +/- 14 mmhg) than control (c; n = 8) animals (155 +/- 12 mmhg) or rats with regression (r; n = 8) of hypertrophy (144 +/- 11 mmhg). in contrast, the estimated sigma max for c (145 +/- 26 kdynes/cm2) and r (133 +/- 17 kdynes/cm2) was higher than for h (110 +/- 13 kdynes/cm2). according to laplace's law, the opposite results of dpmax and sigma max may depend on the increased mass/volume left ventricle ratio of the hypertrophied hearts, which favored pressure generation. these results clearly show that dpmax should be used with caution to analyze systolic function.
recruitment and baseline characteristics of participants in the social, emotional, and economic empowerment through knowledge of group support psychotherapy study (seek-gsp): cluster randomized controlled trial.
diabetes on the rise. the one-third of americans born in 2000 who are projected to develop diabetes will face a high risk of stroke, kidney disease, vision loss, and several other complications.
37. asner gp wessman ca schimel ds archer s  variability in leaf and litter optical properties: implications for canopy brdf model inversions using avhrr, modis, and misr remote sens. environ 1998 63 200 215
[adrenergic activity in the isolated digestive tract of two species of iguanidae, "liolaemus gravenhorsti" and "liolaemus tenuis t." (reptilia-squamata-iguanidae) (author's transl)].
trailbreaking--planning for new nursing roles in managed care: information, innovation, and curriculum development.
7. ninghan f  lixin q  lixin h    a new model of rat renal transplantation: two renal allografts harvested from the donor chin j organ transplant 2006 57 209 310
lecular characterization and carrier detection is informative in 95% of families. prenatal diagnosis is available. a combination of flow cytometry and bruton tyrosine kinase gene analysis may be benef
the reduction of large arterial distensibility has several adverse consequences for the cardiovascular system. this paper reviews the evidence we have obtained by measuring distensibility through quantification of changes in arterial diameter vs blood pressure changes at large elastic and middle size muscle artery sites. evidence shows that arterial distensibility is reduced in conditions such as hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, diabetes, and congestive heart failure. in some conditions (e.g. hypertension) the alterations are not uniformly distributed in the arteries of different structure and size whereas in others (e.g. diabetes and heart failure) they are widespread. in diabetes evidence is available that distensibility changes occur early in the course of the disease. evidence is also available that in all above conditions treatment can improve arterial distensibility thereby reversing the initial abnormality. this is due to a variable combination of structural and functional factors. however, technical ability to determine their precise role in distensibility changes in humans is limited.
corrigendum to " clinical impact of splenic hilar dissection with splenectomy for gastric stump cancer " [eur j surg oncol 45/8 (2019) 1505-1510].
ck of b lymphocytes or plasma cells that are capable of producing antibodies frequent bacterial infections a diagnosis of cvid is reserved for persons with an undefined b-cell dysfunction. lymphoma is
inflammation plays a significant role in many disease processes. development in molecular imaging in recent years provides new insight into the diagnosis and treatment evaluation of various inflammatory diseases and diseases involving inflammatory process. positron emission tomography using (18)f-fdg has been successfully applied in clinical oncology and neurology and in the inflammation realm. in addition to glucose metabolism, a variety of targets for inflammation imaging are being discovered and utilized, some of which are considered superior to fdg for imaging inflammation. this review summarizes the potential inflammation imaging targets and corresponding pet tracers, and the applications of pet in major inflammatory diseases and tumor associated inflammation. also, the current attempt in differentiating inflammation from tumor using pet is also discussed.
[production of normal young following transfer of mouse embryos obtained by in vitro fertilization using cryopreserved spermatozoa].
a double-blind, placebo, controlled trial was conducted in banyudono subdistrict, boyolali regency, central java province, indonesia. the aim of the study was to determine whether adding low-dosage vitamin a and riboflavin can enhance the effect of iron-folate supplementation in anaemic pregnant women. from july to november 2000, 202 pregnant women were screened for anaemia (haemoglobin < 11.0 g/dl). one hundred and three pregnant women (51%) were found to be anaemic and were then allocated alternately into four groups. over a period of 60 days, group if (n = 29) received iron-folate tablets (200 mg feso4 and 250 microg folic acid) + 5 mg glucose: group ifr (n = 22) received iron-folate tablets + 5 mg riboflavin; group ifa (n = 29) received iron-folate tablets + 2.75 mg retinyl palmitate (equal to 5000 iu vitamin a); and group ifra (n = 23) received iron-folate tablets + 5 mg riboflavin + 2.75 mg retinyl palmitate. at the end of the study 19 pregnant women (18.4%) were excluded from the analysis because of various reasons. statistical analysis was based on 84 women (81.5%): group if, n = 25; group ifr, n = 22; group ifa, n = 18; and group ifra, n = 19. haemoglobin measurements were carried out using the technicon h1* (cyanmethaemoglobin method). all groups showed a significant increase in haemoglobin concentration (p < 0.05), except group ifa (p > 0.05), with the highest increment being in group fr. multiple comparisons only showed significant differences between group ifr and group ifa (p < 0.05). it can be concluded that iron-folate supplementation can increase haemoglobin concentrations in anaemic pregnant women. adding riboflavin tends to enhance the effect of iron-folate supplementation, but this is not the case with adding vitamin a.
several limitations are associated with the current study. the analyzed data originates from a twin study examining heritability of the sleep eeg during adolescence24. therefore, our sample does not fully meet the criterion for data independence. however, in order to account for this limitation, we included relatedness as a factor in our analyses and found that this factor is not a significant contributor. in addition, we performed all our analyses with half of the sample including only those participants who were not related to each other (15 girls and 15 boys). performing analyses in this way, we obtained the same results as observed when including the entire sample only less pronounced, most likely due to lower statistical power associated with the smaller sample size.
figure 2 eleven heatmaps showing color-encoded drug-endogenite tversky similarities for tversky α + β = 1. the figure is intended to give an easy overview, with similarities ranging from 0 in dark blue to 1 in buff orange as per the color map inserts. the key for the varying values of α is given in the lower right-hand corner of the figure.
61 ilaiwy a  liu m  parry tl  bain jr  newgard cb  schisler jc  muehlbauer mj  despa f  willis ms   human amylin proteotoxicity impairs protein biosynthesis, and alters major cellular signaling pathways in the heart, brain and liver of humanized diabetic rat model in vivo metabolomics 2016 12 95 28775675
16. romano f.  chakraborty d.  doye j.p.k.  ouldridge t.e.  louis a.a.   coarse-grained simulations of dna overstretching j. chem. phys. 2013 138 085101 23464177
both the disulfide bonds and calcium coordination are necessary for the structural integrity of the domain during the receptor's repeated trips to the highly acidic interior of the endosome.
an ultrastructural study was made on the conjunctiva of a 38-year-old man with adult cystinosis. intracellular cystine crystals were found not only in fibroblasts but also in numerous macrophages. both fibroblasts and macrophages showed increased pinocytosis. occasionally there were macrophage degenerations with extracellular cystine crystals present. whether this increased macrophage reaction indicates a specific difference to childhood cystinosis remains a matter of speculation.
synergistic functions of sii and p300 in productive activator-dependent transcription of chromatin templates.
137. guedat p.  boissy g.  borg-capra c.  colland f.  daviet l.  formstecher e.  jacq x.  rain j.-c.  delansorne r.  vallese s.    novel cysteine protease inhibitors and their therapeutic applications wo2007017758 15 2 2007
our study is descriptive in nature; it cannot definitively answer questions of what the web of protections (or each of its components) objectively is or what it should be. rather, our results comprise subjective understandings from a group of thought leaders with diverse expertise. their insights illuminate the real-world application of the web, going beyond objective descriptions of what a protection is and, instead, informing how a protection functions in actual practice. like all policy-relevant results, ours are limited by the time in which they were generated. we conducted interviews in 2015-16. since then, policy changes have been proposed or enacted which may impact the actual and/or perceived level of protection afforded by certain laws, regulations, and procedures, such as the common rule,13 gina,14 and the 21st century cures act.15 nonetheless, these experts' insights highlight weaknesses in the basic web of protections afforded to participants in precision medicine research.
hu x.  schwarz j.k.  lewis j.s.   a microrna expression signature for cervical cancer prognosis cancer res. 70 2010 1441 1448 20124485
the benefits of embryo diagnostics are only observed in fresh treatment cycles. for patients undergoing embryo diagnosis and progressing to frozen cycles, embryo diagnosis would have no observable benefit in frozen cycles.
utaneously. surgery is required to treat complications of cvid, such as the following:  chronic sinusitis - may require endoscopic sinus surgery severe autoimmune thrombocytopenia or hemolytic anemia
the american biopharmaceutical company antigenics inc. (now agenus) that is evaluated in multiple clinical trials.
shortell sm zazzali jl burns lr alexander ja gillies rr budetti pp waters tm zuckerman hs implementing evidence-based medicine - the role of market pressures, compensation incentives, and culture in physician organizations medical care 2001 39 i62 i78 11488265
effects of s-596, a new beta-adrenoceptor blocking agent on the left ventricular performance of normal subjects during exercise.
11 stoll t  gordon c  seifert b    consistency and validity of patient administered assessment of quality of life by the mos sf-36; its association with disease activity and damage in patients with systemic lupus erythematosus j rheumatol 1997 24 1608 14 9263159
33. anderson ra  issel lm  mcdaniel rr jr   nursing homes as complex adaptive systems: relationship between management practice and resident outcomes nurs res 2003 52 1 12 21 10.1097/00006199-200301000-00003 12552171
oxidative mechanisms of damage have been implicated indirectly in the damage to brain tissue caused acutely by ischemia or chronically by neurodegenerative diseases. a direct link between pathogenesis and antioxidant enzyme systems has come from studies of a genetic form of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als). als causes the degeneration of motor neurons in cortex, brainstem and spinal cord with consequent progressive paralysis and death. the disease occurs in both sporadic and familial forms. some 20% of kindreds in which als is inherited in an autosomal dominant fashion have mutations in the gene (sod1) encoding cu, zn superoxide dismutase (sod). several sod1 mutations have been shown by ourselves and others to cause motor neuron disease when expressed at high levels in transgenic mice, whereas transgenic mice expressing comparable amounts of wild-type human sod do not show clinical disease. thus, we have argued that motor neuron disease is caused by gain-of-function mutations in the human sod1 gene. our current experiments investigate the link between mutation of sod1 and oxidative pathways of damage.
over the past 2 decades, compositae dermatitis has increasingly been recognized as a cause of exposure-pattern dermatitis. the introduction of the sesquiterpene lactone (sl) mix as a screening test has contributed to this improved recognition. however, there is growing evidence that the sl mix fails to detect a substantial number of genuine compositae allergies. we therefore investigated whether another screening reagent (the compositae mix) might be more sensitive in detecting cases of compositae allergy than the sl mix. over a 1-year period, we tested 656 consecutive unselected patch test patients to both sl mix and compositae mix. 31 patients were found to have genuine compositae allergies. of these, 28 had reacted to the compositae mix but only 13 had reacted to the sl mix. the compositae mix failed to detect only 2 genuine compositae allergies, whereas the sl mix missed 17 such allergies. on the other hand, the compositae mix led to 9 irritant reactions, while there was only 1 irritant reaction with the sl mix. we conclude that compositae dermatitis is still being underdiagnosed with the current screening method, and that the compositae mix is significantly more sensitive in detecting compositae allergy than the sl mix.
[early histological and histochemical changes during experimental production of liver carcinoma by diethylnitrosamine].
infant mortality rates for farming and unemployed households in the japanese prefectures: an ecological time trend analysis, 1999-2017.
lubricant film formation in rough surface non-conformal conjunctions subjected to gpa pressures and high slide-to-roll ratios.
24. andela vb , schwarz em , puzas je , o’keefe rj , rosier rn  (2000 ) tumor metastasis and the reciprocal regulation of prometastatic and antimetastatic factors by nuclear factor kappab . cancer res
i believe the authors get about as close to causality as is realistic with the current tools of molecular biology, which is nice.
imaging diagnosis of hepatic metastases of pancreatic carcinomas: significance of transient wedge-shaped contrast enhancement mimicking arterioportal shunt.
the toxicity profile was similar in first-line and second-line patients. main toxicities were sensory neuropathy, lethargy, diarrhoea, nausea and neutropenia. however these rarely exceeded grade 2 (table 4). in three patients oxaliplatin was omitted from the regimen after recurrent myelosuppression (neutropenia and/or thrombocytopenia) despite appropriate dose reductions. mild sensory neuropathy was very common (55% of cycles). among the 25 first-line patients in the formal phase ii trial, nine required the omission of oxaliplatin for neurotoxicity at some point prior to treatment failure (median, 12 cycles). in fu-resistant patients, since disease progression on treatment occurred earlier, fewer (5 out of 37) required omission of oxaliplatin for cumulative toxicity.
myocardial contrast echocardiography: examination of intracoronary injections, microbubble diameters, and video-intensity decay.
these boron-infused potash granules prevent localized boron toxicity, while the granular size allows it to be distributed by common fertilizer equipment along with typical granular npk fertilizer blends.
a pilot study to compare the views of traditionally trained and cam-trained therapists using the clinical exemplar of the management of neck/upper limb pain to assess barriers to effective integration of approaches.
scabies – scabies can present with pruritus and excoriations in the pubic area. however, scabies mites are not visible with the naked eye, and nits are absent (picture 6). (see "scabies: epidemiology, clinical features, and diagnosis".)conjunctival redness and/or crusting similar to pediculosis ciliaris can occur in other disorders. if careful examination for nits is not performed, pediculosis ciliaris may be mistaken for bacterial conjunctivitis, allergic contact dermatitis, or blepharitis associated with seborrheic dermatitis or rosacea [11].additional evaluation
this species has a distinct colony cycle, with primary egglayers only being part of the colony for a limited amount of time.
autocrine-paracrine vegf loops potentiate the maturation of megakaryocytic precursors through flt1 receptor.
the mean cd4+ t-cell count gradually increased until 8 years on haart but declined thereafter. an increased current cd4+ t-cell count was observed among patients with an initial regimen of pediatric d4t-3tc-nvp [β=185.5, 95% ci (8.8, 362.2)] (p=0.040), with increased baseline cd4+ t-cell count [β=0.468, 95% ci (0.342, 0.594)] (p<0.0001), and with long duration on haart [β=18.0, 95% ci (9.9, 26.1)] (p<0.0001), whereas a decreased level of current cd4+ t-cell count was observed among males [β=−72.7, 95% ci (−114.5, –30.9)]) (p<0.0001) and those with poor baseline adherence [β=−108.9, 95% ci (−210.9, −7.0)] (p=0.036) and viral load >1000 copies [β=−189.2, 95% ci (−243.5, −134.9)] (p<0.0001).
anney r. klei l. pinto d. regan r. conroy j. magalhaes t. r.  . (2010 ). a genome-wide scan for common alleles affecting risk for autism . hum. mol. genet.
abstracts and highlight papers of the 32nd annual european society of regional anaesthesia & pain therapy (esra) congress 2013: invited speaker highlight papers.
using 16-20 week old female spontaneously hypertensive rats (shrs), the effects of the antitumor agent, taxol, on vascular reactivity were examined. taxol significantly inhibited contraction induced by phenylephrine, angiotensin ii, phorbol 12,13-dibutyrate and increasing concentrations of calcium. the data suggest that taxol does not augment hypersensitivity of the vascular, but instead attenuates contractile activity and may have important implications with respect to treatment of women with both cancer and cardiovascular disease.
we present a general technique for precision spectroscopy of atoms that lack suitable transitions for efficient laser cooling, internal state preparation, and detection. in our implementation with trapped atomic ions, an auxiliary "logic" ion provides sympathetic laser cooling, state initialization, and detection for a simultaneously trapped "spectroscopy" ion. detection is achieved by applying a mapping operation to each ion, which results in a coherent transfer of the spectroscopy ion's internal state onto the logic ion, where it is then measured with high efficiency. experimental realization, by using 9be+ as the logic ion and 27al+ as the spectroscopy ion, indicates the feasibility of applying this technique to make accurate optical clocks based on single ions.
the most cranial (uppermost) part is made up by the cervical vertebrae (7), followed by thoracic (12), lumbar (5), sacral (5) and coccygeal vertebrae (4).
internal to this peripheral region is the grey matter, which contains the nerve cell bodies arranged in the three grey columns that give the region its butterfly-shape.
the mean age of these copd patients was 72.8±9.6 years and 94.5% were male. of these patients, 57.8% were ex-smokers and 32.7% were current smokers. the ex-smokers had quit smoking for 10.5 years on average and had consumed 42.8±29.2 pack-years during their smoking period. the current smokers had smoked 52.2±33.2 pack-years. dyspnea scores including mmrc and cat scores, pulmonary function tests represented by fev1 and the percentage of predicted fev1 value (fev1%pred), and exacerbation rate in the previous year are also shown in table 2.
as a step towards understanding the role of prostaglandin f2 alpha (pgf2 alpha) in ovarian function, a rabbit antiserum against purified pgf2 alpha receptor (pgf2 alpha-r) was produced. this report details the use of this antiserum in immunohistochemical staining of ovaries of non-pregnant and pregnant rats to ascertain which cell types, in vivo, possess pgf2 alpha-r. in non-pregnant rats, three ovarian cell subpopulations contain immunoreactive pgf2 alpha-r. these include: a subpopulation of the cells found in corpora lutea, a subpopulation of the thecal cells surrounding secondary and mature (graafian) follicles, and a subpopulation of primary and secondary interstitial cells. the ovarian tissues and cell types in which immunoreactive pgf2 alpha-r cannot be demonstrated include: the serosa overlying the ovary and its vessels, the coelomic epithelium and its underlying cortical stroma, medullary stroma and vessels, granulosa cells of primary, secondary and mature follicles, the oocyte, and the blood vessels and stroma within corpora lutea. pgf2 alpha-r immunohistochemical staining of corpora lutea from non-pregnant animals was examined both prior to the start of luteolysis and during luteolysis. during luteolysis, cells undergoing apoptosis stained for the presence of pgf2 alpha-r. pgf2 alpha-r immunohistochemical staining was also examined in corpora lutea during pregnancy and until 4 days postpartum. the major findings here were the apparent large increase in staining intensity of granulosa-lutein cells during pregnancy, and the loss of pgf2 alpha-r immunopositivity of the granulosa-lutein cells during the postpartum period. in summary, three ovarian cell subpopulations, all of which can secrete steroids, possess immunoreactive pgf2 alpha-r.
flurbiprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory (nsai) agent currently undergoing clinical investigation. anti-inflammatory steroids have long been known to delay the healing of corneal stromal wounds. this was designed to compare the effects of equipotent anti-inflammatory doses of flurbiprofen and of prednisolone acetate on the inflammation and the healing (as measured by the wound bursting pressure) or 4-mm through-and-through incisions treated four times a day for ten postoperative days. the results suggest that flurbiprofen and prednisolone are not different in their effect on both postoperative inflammation and postoperative wound healing. since nsai agents and steroids inhibit prostaglandin formation at different enzymatic steps, it is possible that prostaglandins not only are responsible for postoperative inflammation but also are required for postoperative wound healing.
the clinical value of ficolin-3 gene polymorphism in rheumatic heart disease. an egyptian adolescents study.
the regulatory effect of thyroid hormone on cardiac protein kinase activity and atp hydrolysis was studied in developing rats. experimental hypothyroidism induced by a single intraperitoneal injection of 200 muci of 131i led to a significant impairment of body and heart growth and elevated the activity of membrane-bound protein kinase (measured in the absence of cyclic amp). however, a slight (11%) but statistically non-significant decrease was observed in soluble protein kinase activity in hearts of hypothyroid rats. furthermore, thyroid deficiency produced in neonatal life significantly decreased (34%) the rate of cardiac atp hydrolysis. treatment of thyroidectomized animals with l-triiodothyronine initiated early in life produced a time-dependent increase in heart weight as well as the activity of soluble protein kinase and the rate of atp hydrolysis in cardiac tissue. maximal rise in these parameters was observed in hypothyroid rats receiving l-triiodothyronine treatment for 24 days beginning from 7 days after radioiodine injection. these animals also showed a marked cardiac hypertrophy. in contrast, replacement therapy with l-triiodothyronine produced a decrease in the activity of the membrane-bound protein kinase, which seemed to be inversely proportional to the duration of l-triiodothyronine treatment. our data provide evidence suggesting that thyroid hormone plays an important role in controlling atp turnover in hearts of developing rats.
incorporation of carbon-14-labeled phenylalanine into brain protein of newborn pigs falls sharply within 24 hours after birth. this decrease is related to the time of birth rather than the gestational age of the piglets, although the latter is also associated with a gradual decrease in brain protein synthesis.
centrifugal displacement of nuclei reveals multiple linc complex mechanisms for homeostatic nuclear positioning.
a portion of mitochondrially encoded 12s and 16s ribosomal rna genes were sequenced from all four valid species of the midwater deep-sea fish genus sternoptyx (teleostei: sternoptychidae) and four sternoptychid outgroup taxa. secondary structure-based alignment resulted in a character matrix consisting of 865 bp of unambiguously aligned, combined sequences of the two genes, which were subjected to phylogenetic analyses using the maximum parsimony and maximum likelihood methods. the resultant tree topologies from the two methods were congruent and supported by various tree statistics. although the single most parsimonious tree was not statistically different from the two second parsimonious trees, independent morphological evidence from the anal fin pterygiophore configuration and associated structures strongly supported the former as the preferred hypothesis. mapping of the contemporary geographic distribution patterns of the four species onto the tree suggested that there was a common ancestor of sternoptyx with a circumglobal distribution, which had been subdivided into southern and northern ancestral populations along 30 degrees s, possibly through some large-scale oceanographic event. there has been no discernible speciation event in the southern population, though the northern population has subsequently speciated into three contemporary species with largely allopatric/microallopatric distributions.
the electrophysiological changes induced by sequential infusion of histamine (h) (0.4 and 1.0 mcg/kg/min for 10 min each) were investigated by conventional ecg and high resolution ecg (h.r.ecg). the latter permits external non-invasive recording of the potentials generated in the cardiac conduction system. h was infused i.v. in 5 normal volunteers with a mean age of 30 years. h infusions were begun with 0.4 mcg/kg/min and continued for 10 min. after a 60 min recovery period a second 10 min infusion (1 mcg/kg/min) was administered. in man h produced a dose-dependent increase in heart rate, a significant depression of the st-t complex, and a depression in stj point. the qrs complex duration was unmodified. h.r.ecg showed significant changes in the morphology and voltage of the atrial activity. the electrophysiological effects disappeared within a few minutes after discontinuing the infusions of h.
a gene library of chromosomal dna from pseudomonas aeruginosa contained a dna fragment which was able to restore anaerobic growth to an escherichia coli fnr deletion mutant on glycerol/nitrate medium. the cloned gene (termed anr) was sequenced and shown to encode a protein of 244 amino acids with a calculated molecular weight of 27,129. the deduced amino acid sequence of the anr gene product showed considerable similarity to the fnr protein from e. coli. expression of the anr gene in a t7 promoter/polymerase system identified anr as a 31 kda protein. transcriptional analysis of the anr gene showed that it is monocistronic but apparently lacks the equivalent sites for negative autoregulation which have been shown to be present in the promoter region of the e. coli fnr gene. the anr protein was shown to activate transcription of the pfl gene in e. coli in response to anaerobiosis, as well as being able to restore the activity of three anaerobically inducible enzymes. a p. aeruginosa mutant incapable of growing anaerobically with nitrate or on arginine was fully complemented by the anr gene, indicating that it probably has a function in controlling anaerobic gene expression in pseudomonas. further corroboration for this assumption was provided by s1 nuclease analysis of transcription of the multiple promoters of the e. coli pfl operon in p. aeruginosa. transcription was induced by oxygen limitation and was completely anr-dependent in both aerobic and anaerobic cells. removal of the upstream regulatory sequence of the pfl operon, which includes the sequences required for fnr-dependent regulation in e. coli, removed anr-dependent transcriptional control of the remaining pfl promoters, irrespective of the cellular oxygen status. these results imply that the mechanisms by which anr and fnr regulate transcription are fundamentally similar.
energy expenditure and gait characteristics of a bilateral amputee walking with c-leg prostheses compared with stubby and conventional articulating prostheses.
various modes of hp1a interactions with the euchromatic chromosome arms in drosophila ovarian somatic cells.
[psychologic development of children with surgically treated myelodysplasias, craniostenoses and hydrocephalus].
affenzeller m. j. darehshouri a. andosch a. lütz c. lütz-meindl u.   (2009 ). salt stress-induced cell death in the unicellular green alga micrasterias denticulata.
9. shi mf  jiao j  lu wg  ye f  ma d  dong qg  xie x   identification of cancer stem cell-like cells from human epithelial ovarian carcinoma cell line cell mol life sci 2010 67 3915 3925 10.1007/s00018-010-0420-9 20549538
the skin is densely innervated with an intricate network of cutaneous nerves, neuromediators and specific receptors which influence a variety of physiological and disease processes. there is emerging evidence that cutaneous innervation may play an important role in mediating wound healing. this review aims to comprehensively examine the evidence that signifies the role of innervation during the overlapping stages of cutaneous wound healing. numerous neuropeptides that are secreted by the sensory and autonomic nerve fibres play an essential part during the distinct phases of wound healing. delayed wound healing in diabetes and fetal cutaneous regeneration following wounding further highlights the pivotal role skin innervation and its associated neuromediators play in wound healing. understanding the mechanisms via which cutaneous innervation modulates wound healing in both the adult and fetus will provide opportunities to develop therapeutic devices which could manipulate skin innervation to aid wound healing.
[contribution to the correlation of changes of gastric juice secretion and the morphology of the mucosa following stomach resection].
the housing program measure (hpm) was designed to document critical elements of a range of housing program types and associated services. qualitative methods, including literature review and open-ended interviews, were used to determine pertinent hpm domains and to develop the pool of items. the measure was pre-tested, and reliability and validity analyses were applied to revise and strengthen the measure. the resulting measure furthers homelessness research by providing a tool that can be used to define housing and housing services interventions across diverse projects and disciplines, to facilitate program management by matching housing resources to the needs of homeless individuals, and to support model development by measuring progress to goals.
the specific epithet "rubrovolvata" is derived from the latin words "ruber" ("red"), and the adjective "volvatus" ("closely sheathed").
immune system.hypomorphic mutations have been found in the signal transducer and activator of transcription 3 (stat3) gene in type 1 hie syndrome and a null mutation in the tyrosine kinase 2 (tyk2) g
thromboembolism is an extraintestinal manifestation and an important cause of mortality in inflammatory bowel disease (ibd). the risk of thromboembolism appears to be multifactorial and related to mucosal inflammatory activity in most patients. various laboratory markers such as thrombin activatable fibrinolysis inhibitor (tafi) levels have been linked with thrombophilia in ibd but no single laboratory marker has emerged with sufficient predictive value to identify patients at particular risk. prospective multifactorial analyses will be required; in the interim, clinicians must be vigilant and address common risk factors for thromboembolism in all patients with ibd.
enhancing women's resistance to sexual coercion: a randomized controlled trial of the date program.
termine the clinical phenotype. also see the pediatrics article hyperimmunoglobulinemia e (job) syndrome.  pathophysiology  the pathophysiology of job syndrome (hie syndrome, or hyper-ige syndrome) is
entacapone and tolcapone, two catechol o-methyltransferase inhibitors, block fibril formation of alpha-synuclein and beta-amyloid and protect against amyloid-induced toxicity.
nine cases of multiseptate gallbladder have been reported in the english literature. another case is presented. we consider cholecystectomy the treatment of choice because it relieves the symptoms and avoids chronic infection and stone formation.
ensuring adequate oxygen delivery to the tissues with respect to oxygen demand is an important operative challenge during cardiac surgery. the state of the art in myocardial preservation in the 1990s has evolved to include pretreatment of the myocardium; intraoperative use of systemic hypothermia with cardiopulmonary bypass (cpb), topical cooling of the myocardium, cold cardioplegia, and myocardial reperfusion; and postoperative oxygen transport support. these techniques optimize myocardial preservation while providing adequate cardiac surgery operative times by decreasing the myocardial ischemic period, decreasing cellular metabolic requirements, and preserving energy stores. awareness of the physiologic consequences of hypothermia in the postoperative cardiac patient improves nursing assessment of the hypothermic patient. appropriate temperature monitoring and reporting support timely medical and nursing interventions for hypothermia, such as internal and external rewarming techniques or drug administration to facilitate the rewarming process and suppress or treat shivering. this article addresses the physiologic condition of hypothermia, the elective hypothermia techniques used during cardiac surgery, and the medical or nursing rewarming and management techniques for the postoperative cardiac surgery patient.
quantitative models of the relationship between exposure to chemical carcinogens and carcinogenic response are useful for hypothesis evaluation and risk assessment. the degree to which such models accurately depict the underlying biology is often a function of the need for mathematical tractability. when closed-form expressions are used, the need for tractability may significantly limit their complexity. this problem can be minimized by using numerical computer simulation methods to solve the model, thereby allowing more complex and realistic descriptions of the biology to be used. unfortunately, formal methods of parameter estimation for numerical models are not as well developed as they are for analytical models. in this report, we develop a formal parameter estimation routine and apply it to a numerical clonal growth simulation (cgs) model of the growth of preneoplastic lesions consisting of initiated cells. an iterative bisection algorithm was used to estimate parameters from time-course data on the number of initiated cells and the number of clones of these cells. the algorithm successfully estimated parameter values to give a best fit to the observed dataset and was robust vis-à-vis starting values of the parameters. furthermore, the number of data points to which the model was fit, the number of stochastic repetitions and other variables were examined with respect to their effects on the parameter estimates. this algorithm facilitates the application of cgs models for hypothesis evaluation and risk assessment by ensuring uniformity and reproducibility of parameter estimates.
22 takeda s  yamashita a  maeda k  maéda y   structure of the core domain of human cardiac troponin in the ca(2+)-saturated form nature 2003 424 35 41 doi: 10.1038/nature01780 12840750
the national cancer institute (nci) state of the science conference on thyroid fine-needle aspiration (fna) proposed that follicular patterned lesions can be divided into two diagnostic categories; follicular lesion of undetermined significance/atypia of undetermined significance (flus/aus) and suspicious for follicular neoplasm/follicular neoplasm (sfon/fon). the former group can benefit from repeat fna (rfna) to achieve a more definitive diagnosis and the latter should undergo surgical excision for histologic characterization (adenoma vs. carcinoma). in this study, we report the combined experience from our institutions with thyroid fna cases that can be placed into nci-designated thyroid fna diagnostic categories for follicular patterned lesions.the case cohort comprised of 857 cases in 645 females and 212 males; 509 cases could be classified as flus/aus and 348 as sfon/fon. histologic follow-up was available in 273/509 (54%) cases diagnosed as flus/aus and 251/348 (72%) cases diagnosed as sfon/fon.rfna was performed in 203/509 (40%) patients classified as flus/aus. rfna diagnoses were: benign (125 cases), flus (46 cases), sfon/fon (20 cases), suspicious for papillary carcinoma (7 cases), papillary carcinoma (3 cases) and non-diagnostic (2 cases). the malignancy rate on surgical excision in the flus/aus group was 27 and 15% with and without rfna, respectively; and 25% in cases diagnosed as sfon/fon.rfna is effective in managing thyroid nodules diagnosed as flus/aus since the malignancy rates are different in cases with or without rfna (27% vs. 15%). the malignancy rate (25%) in cases diagnosed as sfon/fon is similar to reported by other authors.
when foam cells die, their contents are released, which attracts more macrophages and creates an extracellular lipid core near the centre to inner surface of each atherosclerotic plaque.
domestic cats are exposed to a variety of stressful stimuli, which may have a negative effect on the cats' welfare and trigger a number of behavioural changes. some of the stressors most commonly encountered by cats include changes in environment, inter-cat conflict, a poor human-cat relationship and the cat's inability to perform highly motivated behaviour patterns. stress is very likely to reduce feed intake, and stress-related anorexia may contribute to the development of potentially serious medical conditions. stress also increases the risk of cats showing urine marking and some forms of aggression, including redirected aggression. a number of compulsive disorders such as over-grooming may also develop as a consequence of stressful environments. some of the main strategies to prevent or reduce stress-related behavioural problems in cats are environmental enrichment, appropriate management techniques to introduce unfamiliar cats to each other and the use of the synthetic analogue of the feline facial pheromone. as the stress response in cats depends, to a large extent, on the temperament of the animal, breeding and husbandry strategies that contribute to the cat developing a well-balanced temperament are also very useful.
japanese patients with sporadic acute hepatitis e are infected with polyphyletic strains of hepatitis e virus (hev). hepatitis e is considered a zoonotic disease. thus far in japan, only three strains of swine hev have been identified and an antibody study for hev antibodies has not been done on japanese pigs. to determine the prevalence of swine hev infection in japan and the extent of genetic variation among japanese swine hev strains, we tested serum samples obtained from 2500 pigs from 2 to 6 months of age at 25 commercial swine farms in japan for the presence of igg antibodies to hev and swine hev rna. anti-hev antibodies were detected in 1448 pigs (58 %). one-hundred-and-thirteen (15 %) of the 750 3-month-old pigs and 24 (13 %) of the 180 4-month-old pigs were positive for swine hev rna. the nucleotide sequence of a 412 bp region within open reading frame 2 of the 137 swine hev isolates was determined. sequence analyses revealed that the 137 isolates shared 76.6-100 % nucleotide sequence identities and were classifiable into genotype iii (93 %) or iv (7 %) and that the isolates from the same farm were > or = 97.1 % similar to each other. phylogenetic analysis showed that the japanese swine and human hev isolates segregated into four clusters, with the highest nucleotide identity being 94.4-100 % between swine and human isolates in each cluster. these results indicate that swine hev is widespread in the japanese swine population and further support the hypothesis that swine serve as reservoirs for hev infection.
llergies and anaphylaxis.autosomal recessive mutations in dock8 are linked with the autosomal recessive hyper-ige syndrome in combination with severe atopic dermatitis, food allergies, and recurrent p
endothelial cells adopt tissue-specific characteristics to instruct organ development and regeneration
when learning about the existence of unobservable scientific phenomena such as germs or religious phenomena such as god, children are receptive to the testimony of other people. research in western cultures has shown that by 5 to 6 years of age, children-like adults-are confident about the existence of both scientific and religious phenomena. we examined the beliefs of secular and christian children growing up in china as well as the beliefs of their parents. all participants-secular and christian children, as well as their parents-were confident about the existence of the scientific phenomena. no such consensus emerged for religious phenomena. whereas secular children and their parents were skeptical, christian children and their parents were confident about the existence of the religious phenomena. moreover, a similar pattern was found for christian children in preschools and for christian children with more extensive exposure to the secular state curriculum. indeed, for religious phenomena, a positive association was found between the beliefs of christian children and their parents, highlighting the potential influence of parental input in a predominantly secular society. overall, the results indicate that children's religious beliefs are related to the beliefs of their parents, even when those beliefs go against the majority view. (psycinfo database record (c) 2019 apa, all rights reserved).
6 national vector borne disease control programme, directorate general of health services, ministry of health and family welfare, government of india last cited on 2010 jan 13 available from:
capillary electrophoresis (ce) conditions have been developed for the separation of hydrophobic polypeptides, such as fatty acid-acylated peptides, and their subsequent structural identification by 252cf plasma desorption (pdms) and electrospray mass spectrometry (esms). salt- and detergent-free aqueous acetic acid buffers containing up to 20% 2-propanol or 25% acetonitrile were employed for ce separations of hydrophobic peptides with (i) untreated, and (ii) 3-aminopropyltrimethoxysilane-derived fused silica capillaries. for both capillary types, electroosmotic flow rates suitable for sample isolation and transfer were determined, and ce separations of polypeptide mixtures were compared for aqueous buffers containing 2-propanol or acetonitrile. for the mass spectrometric identification of ce-separated peptides, a sheath flow sample isolation method was developed for subsequent transfer to pdms. this procedure enabled the efficient isolation of peptide fractions for pdms analysis, or alternative microanalytical techniques.
nanomaterials (basel)nanomaterials (basel)nanomaterialsnanomaterials2079-4991mdpi 10.3390/nano8070521nanomaterials-08-00521articlegiant self-kerr nonlinearity in the metal nanoparticles-graphene nanodisks-quantum dots hybrid systems under low-intensity light irradiance https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8252-2341tohari mariam m. 12*lyras andreas 1https://orcid.org/0000-0002-8249-4256alsalhi mohamad s. 131 department of physics and astronomy, college of science, king saud university, p.o. box 2454, riyadh 11451, saudi arabia; alyras@ksu.edu.sa (a.l.); malsalhi@ksu.edu.sa (m.s.a.)2 department of physics, college of science, king khalid university, p.o. box 9004, abha 61421, saudi arabia3 research chair on laser diagnosis of cancers, college of science, king saud university, p.o. box 2454, riyadh 11451, saudi arabia* correspondence: mrohary@kku.edu.sa12 7 2018 7 2018 8 7 52117 6 2018 09 7 2018 © 2018 by the authors.2018licensee mdpi, basel, switzerland. this article is an open access article distributed under the terms and conditions of the creative commons attribution (cc by) license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/).hybrid nanocomposites can provide a promising platform for integrated optics. optical nonlinearity can significantly widen the range of applications of such structures. in the present paper, a theoretical investigation is carried out by solving the density matrix equations derived for a metal nanoparticles-graphene nanodisks-quantum dots hybrid system interacting with weak probe and strong control fields, in the steady state. we derive analytical expressions for linear and third-order nonlinear susceptibilities of the probe field. a giant self-kerr nonlinear index of refraction is obtained in the optical region with relatively low light intensity. the optical absorption spectrum of the system demonstrates electromagnetically induced transparency and amplification without population inversion in the linear optical response arising from the negative real part of the polarizabilities for the plasmonic components at the energy of the localized surface plasmon resonance of the graphene nanodisks induced by the probe field. we find that the self-kerr nonlinear optical properties of the system can be controlled by the geometrical features of the system, the size of metal nanoparticles and the strength of the control field. the controllable self-kerr nonlinearities of hybrid nanocomposites can be employed in many interesting applications of modern integrated optics devices allowing for high nonlinearity with relatively low light intensity.
tablets manufactured from micronized anhydrous nitrofurantoin exhibited unsatisfactory dissolution properties, whereas excellent results were obtained with unmilled drug material having fine particle size.
appropriate treatment will live beyond the age of 50 years. death is often due to infectious complications.  the mortality rate is elevated because of systemic infections. significant morbidity is as
natural selective processes have been known to drive phenotypic plasticity, which is the emergence of different phenotypes from one genome following environmental stimulation. long non-coding rnas (lncrnas) have been observed to modulate transcriptional and epigenetic states of genes in human cells. we surmised that lncrnas are governors of phenotypic plasticity and drive natural selective processes through epigenetic modulation of gene expression. using heat shocked human cells as a model we find several differentially expressed transcripts with the top candidates being lncrnas derived from retro-elements. one particular retro-element derived transcripts, retro-eif2s2, was found to be abundantly over-expressed in heat shocked cells. over-expression of retro-eif2s2 significantly enhanced cell viability and modulated a predisposition for an adherent cellular phenotype upon heat shock. mechanistically, we find that this retro-element derived transcript interacts directly with a network of proteins including 40s ribosomal protein s30 (fau), eukaryotic translation initiation factor 5a (eif5a), and ubiquitin-60s ribosomal protein l40 (uba52) to affect protein modulated cell adhesion pathways. we find one motif in retro-eif2s2 that exhibits binding to fau and modulates phenotypic cell transitions from adherent to suspension states. the observations presented here suggest that retroviral derived transcripts actively modulate phenotypic plasticity in human cells in response to environmental selective pressures and suggest that natural selection may play out through the action of retro-elements in human cells.
a sensitive method for the quantification of virion-sense and complementary-sense dna strands of circular single-stranded dna viruses.
in an attempt to explore the possible variation over time of acute appendicitis (aa) 406 medical files comprising all children aged 0-14 years operated on during an 11-year period (1973-1983) at the soroka medical center were reviewed. only patients that were histopathologically confirmed were included in the study. soroka medical center is the only general hospital providing services to the entire population of the region. hence, a reasonable coverage of all aa patients is expected. as a result, comparison of incidence rates among different subgroups is plausible. the annual rate of aa was 3.75 operations/10,000 children. the rates were somewhat higher for boys (5.20 versus 2.31, p less than 0.05). they were also higher for jewish versus bedouin children (4.44 versus 1.14, p less than 0.05). the highest rate of aa was among children in the 10- to 14-year-old age group (7.79). a gradual increase in the rates of aa during the study period was noticed, over and above the increase in the region's population. however, the ratio of change over time was higher for the bedouins. although this cannot be proven, the causes of aa have been hypothesized to be multifactorial. diet is considered to have an important role in the etiology of aa. some seasonal trends could be observed, paralleling changes in humidity, viral and bacterial infections, suggesting the involvement of these factors in the etiology of aa.
rectal chlamydia infection in women at high risk of chlamydia attending canberra sexual health centre.
however, the data used in this paper have limitations, which need to be further extended. first, following engelfriet and koomen [10] and li et al. [30], we use population centers rather than employment centers to measure poly-centricity. focusing on employment data will shed more light on the heterogeneity that potentially exists in the relationship between poly-centricity and air pollution, i.e., the impacts may be heterogeneous for cities with different jobs-housing balances, which is not considered in our paper. second, the data obtained in this paper is limited to the administrative boundary of urban districts from the statistical yearbook of local cities. future studies can use more a fine-grained level of data [56], to advance our understanding of compactness and poly-centricity in air pollution emissions.
the common association of occipital neuralgia with post-traumatic cervical arthritis raises the question of whether some cases of occipital neuralgia are due to delayed c-2 or c-3 root entrapment. this hypothesis led to surgical exploration of the c-3 and c-2 roots in a young patient with post-traumatic arthritic occipital neuralgia. the abnormal operative findings and resolution of the neuralgia after c-3 foraminal and c-2 fascial root decompression lead to the tentative proposal that some cases of occipital neuralgia represent a root entrapment syndrome amenable to neurosurgical decompression.
suppression of immune reactivity by increased expression of co-inhibitory receptors has been discussed as a major reason as to why the immune system fails to control tumor development. elucidating the co-inhibitory expression pattern of tumor-infiltrating lymphocytes in different cancer types will help to develop future treatment strategies. we characterized markers reflecting and affecting t-cell functionality by flow cytometry on lymphocytes isolated from blood, ascites and tumor from advanced ovarian cancer patients (n = 35). significantly higher proportions of cd4+ and cd8+ t-cells expressed co-inhibitory receptors lag-3, pd-1 and tim-3 in tumor and ascites compared to blood. co-expression was predominantly observed among intratumoral cd8+ t-cells and the most common combination was pd-1 and tim-3. analysis of 26 soluble factors revealed highest concentrations of ip-10 and mcp-1 in both ascites and tumor. correlating these results with clinical outcome revealed the proportion of cd8+ t-cells without expression of lag-3, pd-1 and tim-3 to be beneficial for overall survival. in total we identified eight immune-related risk factors associated with reduced survival.
in humans, mir-216a levels increase in patients with acute pancreatitis [15,16,17]. in a study by zhang et al. [16], patients were grouped into those with mild acute pancreatitis (map), moderately severe acute pancreatitis (msap), and severe acute pancreatitis (sap). mir-216a differentiated initial stage sap from map and msap, but could not discriminate map and msap, which was consistently observed in another study by blenkiron et al. [15]. the results of these human studies demonstrate the use of mir-216a in the early diagnosis of pancreatitis and are consistent with those of animal models of pancreatitis; however, the human studies had a number of insufficiencies, including small sample size, lack of histology correlation, and the use of inadequate time points. therefore, supportive animal studies conducted in various experimental conditions will allow more convincing comparisons between species. in addition to mir-216a, human studies have suggested that increased serum levels of mir-551b are associated with severity of pancreatitis [17,18], and decreases in mir-7 [18] can be used to detect the early phase in patients with acute pancreatitis. in the current study, however, the serum level of mir-551b was not significantly affected by cerulein treatment. in the most severely affected animal (t2), the serum level of mir-7, a known regulator of pancreatic β-cell function [21,22], was increased by approximately 100-fold at 2 h, rather than decreased. very little is known about mir-551b and -7 in dogs at present, and relatively weak fluctuation of these mirnas was seen in our study. further study is needed to address these species differences; however, in this study condition, those mirnas do not seem to be sensitive for evaluating acute pancreatitis in dogs.
17 pitson g robinson p wilke d  radiation response: an additional  unique signature of myxoid liposarcoma international journal of radiation oncology,  biology, physics 2004 60 2 522 526
idelalisib is a phosphatidylinositol 3-kinase inhibitor highly selective for the delta isoform that has shown good efficacy in treating chronic lymphocytic leukemia and follicular lymphoma. in clinical trials, however, idelalisib was associated with rare, but potentially serious liver and lung toxicities. in this study, we used the collaborative cross (cc) mouse population to identify genetic factors associated with the drug response that may inform risk management strategies for idelalisib in humans. eight male mice (4 matched pairs) from 50 cc lines were treated once daily for 14 days by oral gavage with either vehicle or idelalisib at a dose selected to achieve clinically relevant peak plasma concentrations (150 mg/kg/day). the drug was well tolerated across all cc lines, and there were no observations of overt liver injury. differences across cc lines were seen in drug concentration in plasma samples collected at the approximate tmax on study days 1, 7, and 14. there were also small but statistically significant treatment-induced alterations in plasma total bile acids and microrna-122, and these may indicate early hepatocellular stress required for immune-mediated hepatotoxicity in humans. idelalisib treatment further induced significant elevations in the total cell count of terminal bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, which may be analogous to pneumonitis observed in the clinic. genetic mapping identified loci associated with interim plasma idelalisib concentration and the other 3 treatment-related endpoints. thirteen priority candidate quantitative trait genes identified in cc mice may now guide interrogation of risk factors for adverse drug responses associated with idelalisib in humans.
we focus, in particular, on analysing the findings of the citizens’ engagement in the dm process. the findings of the specialists’ engagement are detailed elsewhere (bellamy et al., 2013) and drawn on, where appropriate, to further interpret and compare the citizen-based analysis. we begin by detailing the dm methods used, before presenting and discussing the results in the context of the wider literature. we conclude by reflecting on the performance of the process and outlining key recommendations for future research and policy.
the junction zone along with the underlying cell extends into numerous long and fine membranal out-folds.
congenital melanocytic nevi (cmn) occur in 1 to 3 percent of newborn infants; large or giant cmn occur in approximately 1 of 20,000 births. (see 'epidemiology' above.)●
53. xu w  ding g  yokawa k  baluska f  li q-f  liu y  shi w  liang j  zhang j   an improved agar-plate method for studying root growth and response of arabidopsis thaliana  sci rep-uk 2013 10.1038/srep01273
jungian james hillman also emphasised the importance of the therapist using the body as a sounding-board in the clinical context.
a truncating pet100 variant causing fatal infantile lactic acidosis and isolated cytochrome c oxidase deficiency.
conditions, such as the following:  angiolymphoid hyperplasia with eosinophilia dermatologic manifestations of eosinophilia-myalgia syndrome hypereosinophilic syndrome loffler syndrome pulmonary eosin
38 eckmann l , freshney m , wright eg , sproul a , wilkie n , pragnell ib . a novel in vitro assay for murine haematopoietic stem cells . br j cancer suppl . 1988 ;9 : 36 –40 . 3254725
in this case report we describe the development of a pyopneumopericarditis secondary to pneumonia, a complication that is rarely seen nowadays. (neth heart j 2009;17:393-5.).
as medicine has moved to become more evidence based, medical statistics has become ever more important and relevant both to the practice of medicine and the education of tomorrow's doctors. however, it is common for students across all disciplines to dislike and under-perform in courses involving mathematics, numeracy or statistics [1,2]. medical students have varied backgrounds and it is increasingly clear that teaching statistics in a traditional didactic way neither engages the students nor meets their needs; comments from previous student evaluations at our institution have included:
35. nussenzweig a nussenzweig mc  . origin of chromosomal translocations in lymphoid cancer . cell  (2010 ) 141 :27 –38 . 10.1016/j.cell.2010.03.016 20371343
christofori g  2003 changing neighbours, changing behaviour: cell adhesion molecule-mediated signalling during progression embo j 22 2318 2323 12743026
30. srinivas s.  wilkes g.l.   structural and relaxation studies during crystallization of new tpi polyimide polymer 1998 39 5839 5851 10.1016/s0032-3861(98)00084-6
basic and clinical research against advanced glycation end products (ages): new compounds to tackle cardiovascular disease and diabetic complications.
a diverse and well-balanced repertoire of t cells is thought to be crucial for the efficacious defence against infection with new or re-emerging pathogens throughout life. in the last third of the mammalian lifespan, the maintenance of a balanced t-cell repertoire becomes highly challenging because of the changes in t-cell production and consumption. in this review, i question whether latent persistent pathogens might be key factors that drive this imbalance and whether they determine the extent of age-associated immune deficiency.
echocardiographic evaluation of the dimensions and systolic properties of the left ventricle in freshman athletes during physical training.
19. rue, h., martino, s. & lindgren, f. inla: functions which allow to perform a full bayesian analysis of structured additive models using integrated nested laplace approximation. r package version 0.0-1404466487. http://www.r-inla.org (2009).
because aba metabolic genes have been well characterized in rice, we used q-pcr to investigate the expression profiles of these genes in germinating wt and osbhlh035 seeds. in germinating wt seeds, the expression levels of the aba biosynthetic genes osaba2 and osaao3 under salt-treated conditions were approximately 2.01- and 2.06-fold, respectively, higher than those under normal conditions (fig. 4a, b). however, the osaba2 and osaao3 expression levels in germinating osbhlh035 seeds were also higher than those in germinating wt seeds under either normal or salt-treated conditions. moreover, the expression levels of the aba catabolic gene osaba8ox1 in germinating wt and osbhlh035 seeds were comparable under normal conditions; however, the salt-induced expression of osaba8ox1 was abolished in germinating osbhlh035 seeds (fig. 4c). these results agreed with the corresponding aba levels detected under these conditions (fig. 3c vs. fig. 4). taken together, these data reveal that the accumulation of excess aba in germinating osbhlh035 seeds may be caused not only by elevated aba biosynthesis but also by reduced aba catabolism under salt-treated conditions.fig. 4 the expression of aba metabolic genes in both germinating wt and osbhlh035 seeds. aba over-accumulation in germinating osbhlh035 seeds is due to the upregulation of the biosynthetic genes osaba2 (a) and osaao3 (b) and abolition of salt-induced osabaox1 (c) expression. the experimental materials and methods are the same as those described in fig. 3. samples for the q-pcr assay were harvested on day 5. asterisks indicate significant differences in comparison with wt (*p < 0.05 and **p < 0.01) based on student’s t-test
quality gaps and comparative effectiveness in lung cancer staging: the impact of test sequencing on outcomes.
for greater impact, raising awareness has to be combined with careful promotion or reinforcement of positive beliefs and information of possible chances of cure [33, 35]. raising such awareness among adolescents could be a useful future investment and give an opportunity for early preventive measures. kyle et al. showed that a school-based educational intervention resulted in improving the recall and recognition of most of the cancer signs and symptoms even after 6 months from the intervention [26]. such an intervention might be especially effective when combined with addressing negative beliefs. by reducing negative beliefs and increasing awareness in the younger age-group, a sustained effect on reduction of late presentation might be achieved, which could have a pronounced effect in low-resource settings, such as the gaza strip, in improving the quality of life and increasing survival of cancer sufferers. currently, survival rates are poor in palestine with 60% of deaths due to breast cancer in 2016 (643 of 1072 deaths) having been judged as ‘prematurely’ [46]. such poor survival has its main reasons in the lack of systematic and organized screening programs and late presentation to healthcare professionals. therefore, educational intervention in younger age groups could make a fundamental difference to survival and quality of life in cancer patients in the gaza strip. furthermore, interventions to improve public awareness of cancer symptoms have been shown to be more effective when delivered to individuals rather than with a population-based approach, such as in public awareness campaigns [25, 47–50]. therefore, in low-resource settings, lacking systematic and well-organized screening programs, where early diagnosis is essential to improve survival, a population-based approach should be combined with more tailored individualized education for better results [32, 35, 43, 47]. the effects from such interventions could be pronounced and sustainable, when involving younger age groups, such as adolescents [24], as reflected in this study, by the better knowledge demonstrated by adolescents of some risk factors, included in their health-related school curriculum.
the ability to control the bond scission sequence of o-h, c-h, and c-o bonds is of critical importance in the effective utilization of oxygenate molecules, such as in reforming reactions and in alcohol fuel cells. in the current study, we use methanol as a probe molecule to demonstrate the possibility to control the decomposition pathways by supporting monolayer coverage of pt on a tungsten monocarbide (wc) surface. density functional theory (dft) results reveal that on the wc and pt/wc surfaces ch3oh decomposes via o-h bond scission to form the methoxy (*ch3 o) intermediate. the subsequent decomposition of methoxy on the wc surface occurs through the c-o bond scission to form *ch3, which reacts with surface *h to produce ch4. in contrast, the decomposition of methoxy on the pt/wc surface favors the c-h bond scission to produce *ch2 o,which prevents the formation of the *ch3 species and leads to the formation of a *co intermediate through subsequent deprotonation steps. the dft predictions are validated using temperature programmed desorption to quantify the gas-phase product yields and high resolution electron energy loss spectroscopy to determine the surface intermediates from methanol decomposition on pt, wc,and pt/wc surfaces.
inability of the immature immune system of some fetuses to control the infection.hemoglobin levels of 2 g/dl or lower have been reported and presumably lead to high-output congestive heart failure. b19 also can infect myocardial cells [33]; thus, myocardial injury may contribute to the hydrops and fetal death in some cases [34].severe thrombocytopenia has been observed in 36 of 97 (37 percent) parvovirus-infected fetuses with hydrops [35,36]. severe thrombocytopenia can lead to exsanguination at the time of intrauterine red cell transfusion; for this reason, the platelet count should be determined and platelets should be available for transfusion at the time of any fetal procedures. (see "intrauterine fetal transfusion of red cells".)children who survive fetal hydrops caused by parvovirus may have an increased risk of neurodevelopmental impairments [30,37]. in one study, 28 dutch children who had received intrauterine transfusion for fetal hydrops were evaluated at a median of five years old [37]. three had severe and two had mild cognitive developmental delays, and another child had fine motor impairment. these rates are higher than those historically seen in the dutch population. in contrast, an earlier study of 20 children surviving fetal hydrops in germany did not show an excess of developmental delay [38]. the discrepancy in findings may be due to differences in the follow-up rate of hydrops survivors and cognitive testing methodology.neonatal and developmental considerations — parvovirus appears to be teratogenic in fetal animals, causing cerebellar hypoplasia and ataxia in cats and anencephaly, microcephaly, facial defects, and ectopic hearts in hamsters. despite case reports suggesting a link between b19 infection during pregnancy and fetal malformations [39,40], epidemiologic studies do not support this association [41].case reports describe congenital abnormalities in four human newborn infants with parvovirus infection including ocular anomalies (eg, microphthalmia; dysplastic changes of the sclera, choroid, cornea and retina; and degeneration of the lens), hydrocephalus, cleft lip or palate, webbed joints, musculoskeletal anomalies, hepatocellular damage, myocarditis, congenital cardiomyopathy, and myositis [39,40,42,43]. congenital parvovirus infection also has been reported in two premature infants whose illness was associated with placentomegaly, edema, angioedema, hepatomegaly, anemia, thrombocytopenia, respiratory insufficiency and other non-specific features shared by life-threatening congenital infections [44,45].despite the above associations, most intrauterine parvovirus infections do not have an adverse outcome [10,46,47] and the bulk of the available data suggest that parvovirus b19 is not a teratogen [48] (see "clinical manifestations and diagnosis of parvovirus b19 infection"). long-term studies of offspring of b19-infected pregnant women also are encouraging. although data are limited, developmental delays are no more frequent in offspring of actively infected mothers compared to uninfected mothers [38,49].diagnosis
to determine characteristics associated with regretting sterilization that can be determined preoperatively, we analyzed data from the collaborative review of sterilization (crest), a multicenter, prospective, observational study. of 5022 women, 2.0% regretted having had a tubal sterilization at 1 year after the procedure and 2.7% did so after 2 years. using a multivariate analysis to identify risk factors for regret, we found that almost all characteristics were more closely associated with regret at 1 year than at 2 years postoperatively. of the characteristics we examined that could be objectively determined preoperatively, we considered only age less than 30 years and (for whites) a concurrent cesarean section to be risk factors for regret at 2 years after sterilization. however, in absolute terms, less than 10% of women with both those risk factors regretted having the procedure.
tellurite-induced carbonylation of the escherichia coli pyruvate dehydrogenase multienzyme complex.
compliance with hand hygiene can be improved with a multimodal intervention, fundamentally training. it provides a valid methodology to other health centers.
regulation of methionyl-transfer ribonucleic acid synthetase formation in escherichia coli and salmonella typhimurium.
this measure consisted of 14 questions on a seven-point likert scale and was used specifically to measure girls’ expectations of the byots mobile app prior to the start of the intervention. sample questions included, “it will be practical to pull out my phone and use the app when i feel stressed” and “i believe the app will be useful in calming my nerves for specific situations when i feel stressed.” higher scores indicated more positive expectations. a cronbach alpha coefficient was calculated (cronbach alpha=.893) indicating the survey was reliable for this sample.
traditional medicinal literature and previous studies have reported the possible role of cissus quadrangularis (cq) as an anti-osteoporotic agent. this study examines the effectiveness of cq in promoting osteoblast differentiation of the murine pre-osteoblast cell line, mc3t3-e1. ethanolic extract of cq (cq-e) was found to affect growth kinetics of mc3t3-e1 cells in a dosage-dependent manner. high concentrations of cq-e (more than 10 μg/ml) have particularly adverse effects, while lower concentrations of 0.1 and 1 µg/ml were non-toxic and did not affect cell viability. notably, cell proliferation was significantly increased at the lower concentrations of cq-e. cq-e treatment also augmented osteoblast differentiation, as reflected by a substantial increase in expression of the early osteoblast marker alp activity, and at later stage, by mineralization of extracellular matrix compared to the control group. these findings suggest dose-dependent effect of cq-e with lower concentrations exhibiting anabolic and osteogenic properties. j. cell. physiol. 232: 540-547, 2017. © 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
intraoperative three-dimensional virtual reality and computed tomographic guidance in temporomandibular joint arthroplasty of syndromic craniofacial dysostoses.
incomplete or partial lack of fusion between the superior and inferior cushions results in a partial av canal defect with a primum asd, a common valvular annulus with two separate av valve orifices, and a cleft in the anterior mitral leaflet.av valve abnormalities — for both complete and partial av canal defects, the av valve(s) is usually abnormal, resulting in regurgitation. over time, the valve leaflets become more thickened, with prolapse of leaflet tissue and worsening regurgitation. even after repair, the continued presence of av valve regurgitation is a significant cause of morbidity and mortality [20].complete av canal defect — patients with complete av canal defects have a single av valve, which is often associated with regurgitation. regurgitation through the common valve may be from left ventricle (lv) to left atrium (la) or right ventricle (rv) to right atrium (ra). it can exacerbate volume overload and contribute to heart failure.partial av canal defect — the mitral valve in partial av canal defects is almost always abnormal. there is usually a cleft of the anterior leaflet, which is often associated with mitral regurgitation (mr). regurgitation is most common from the lv to la through the cleft in the anterior mitral valve leaflet. however, regurgitation can also occur from the lv to ra through the av septum, resulting in a "left ventricle to right atrium shunt," and right atrial and right ventricular volume overload.double-orifice mitral valve is an uncommon but surgically important abnormality. it is found in approximately 4 to 5 percent of all patients with av canal defects. the combined effective opening of a double orifice mitral valve is always less than that of a valve with a single orifice [21]. double-orifice mitral valve is a risk factor for poor surgical outcome because of significant regurgitation. however, combining the two orifices by incising bridging tissue is not optimal as it also commonly results in significant left av valve (mitral) regurgitation.a parachute mitral valve is associated with papillary muscle abnormalities. the papillary muscles in av canal defects are usually abnormal in size and location [22,23]. the lv papillary muscles in av canal defects are typically shifted laterally and closer together compared with their usual location. on occasion, only one lv papillary muscle may be present, resulting in parachute mitral valve deformity. in such a patient, traditional repair with closure of the cleft may result in postoperative mitral valve stenosis or disruption of the mitral valve tensor apparatus [24-26].left ventricular outflow tract — the combined changes of valve position and septal deficiency increase the distance between the aorta and the apex of the heart, resulting in an elongation of the left ventricular outflow tract (lvot). this anatomic change is visualized by echocardiography and angiography as a gooseneck deformity (image 1). although the lvot appears elongated and narrow, in most cases, there is no obstruction [27]. when lvot obstruction occurs, it typically presents in patients with partial av canal defect, because the superior bridging leaflet is frequently bound tightly to the septal crest causing the lvot to be longer and more narrow (image 2) [26].other potential sources of the lvot obstruction include:●
[spontaneous and mitogen-induced production of proinflammatory cytokines (interleukin-1 and tumor necrosis factor-alpha) in patients with chronic chlamydia infection of urogenital system].
an overview is presented of the relationship between cardiovascular activity and sleep, emphasizing the interrelations between stage of sleep and cardiovascular dysfunction. possible implications of the data are discussed, especially in relation to stress-related factors and possible treatment regimens.
periodontal treatment needs in the medicaid patient population: a retrospective study in a us dental school.
the human chemokine receptors cxcr5 and cxcr1 activate signaling pathways via pertussis toxin-sensitive as well as insensitive g proteins. cxcr5 induces ca2+ signaling and chemotaxis independently of inhibitory g proteins, whereas the same signaling pathways are entirely dependent on inhibitory g proteins for cxcr1. in contrast, activation of the map kinase cascade via erk1/2 is a pertussis toxin-sensitive signaling event for both receptors. using chimeric cxcr1/cxcr5 receptors we investigated structural requirements for the activation of signal transduction pathways by cxcr5. individual or multiple intracellular domains of cxcr1 were exchanged for the corresponding sequences of cxcr5, leading to receptors resembling cxcr5 at the cytoplasmic surface to a varying extent. replacing the second intracellular domain of cxcr1 had a major influence on signaling mediated by inhibitory g proteins, whereas the exchange of the third or carboxy-terminal intracellular domain had only minor effects on signal transduction. activation of the map kinase cascade via erk1/2 and chemotaxis are largely reduced in chimeras comprising the second intracellular domain of cxcr5, although coupling to inhibitory g proteins is retained in all chimeric receptors. in summary, these data characterize the contribution of the intracellular domains of cxcr5 to receptor signaling, thereby disclosing unique structural requirements that modulate g protein coupling by the receptor.
9,10-substituted anthracenes are known for their useful optical properties like fluorescence, which makes them frequently used probes in sensing applications. in this article, we investigate the fundamental photophysical properties of three pyridyl-substituted variants. the nitrogen atoms in the pyridinium six-membered rings are located in the ortho-, meta-, and para-positions in relation to the anthracene core. absorption, fluorescence, and transient absorption measurements were carried out and were complemented by theoretical calculations. we monitored the photophysics of the anthracene derivatives in chloroform and water investigating the protonated as well as their nonprotonated forms. we found that the optical properties of the nonprotonated forms are strongly determined by the anthracene chromophore, with only small differences to other 9,10-substituted anthracenes, for example diphenyl anthracene. in contrast, protonation leads to a strong decrease in fluorescence intensity and lifetime. transient absorption measurements and theoretical calculations revealed the formation of a charge-transfer state in the protonated chromophores, where electron density is shifted from the anthracene moiety toward the protonated pyridyl substituents. while the para- and ortho-derivatives' charge transfer is still moderately fluorescent, the meta-derivative is affected much stronger and shows nearly no fluorescence. this nitrogen-atom-position-dependent sensitivity to hydronium activity makes a combination of these fluorophores very attractive for ph-sensing applications covering a broadened ph range.
western blot analysis is currently the major method utilized for quantitatively assessing histone global modifications. however, there is a growing need to develop a highly specific, accurate, and multisite quantitative method. herein, we report a liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry-multiple reaction monitoring method to simultaneously quantify multisite modifications with unmatched specificity, sensitivity, and throughput. with one set of purification of histones by high pressure liquid chromatography or sds-page, nearly 20 modification sites including acetylation, propionylation, methylation, and ubiquitination were quantified within 2 h for two samples to be compared. using this method, the relative levels of h2b ubiquitination and h3 lys-79 methylation were quantified in the u937 human leukemia cell line, u937 derivative cell lines overexpressing anti-secretory factor 10 (af10) and mutant af10 with the deletion of the hdot1 binding domain om-lz. we found that h2b ubiquitination is inversely correlated with h3 lys-79 methylation. therefore, we propose that a catalytic and inhibitory loop mechanism may better describe the cross-talk relationship between h2b ubiquitination and h3 lys-79 methylation.
26 unlu n belli s  three-year clinical evaluation of fiber-reinforced composite fixed partial dentures using prefabricated pontics j adhes dent 2006 8 183 188 16830665
8 2014 27 3 2014 54 8 647 653 3 9 2013 25 10 2013 © 2014 the japan neurosurgical society2014this work is licensed under a creative commons attribution-noncommercial-noderivatives 4.0 international license. to view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/treatment of calvarial defects has remained a challenge in reconstruction surgery, especially because of infection at these sites. we produced a bactericidal biomaterial for treating infected bone defects by using calcium phosphate bone cement mixed with antibiotics. we evaluated the usefulness of this material mixed with the antibiotic vancomycin in a cranium-infected rat model. the concentration of vancomycin used was 5.0 wt%, as reported in our previous study. in order to establish the rat model, a cranium defect (diameter, 5 mm) was made that was infected with methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus (mrsa). thirty-six rats were divided into 6 groups depending on whether an autologous graft or bone cement with or without antibiotic was used for the defect. after 1 and 4 weeks, abscess formation was checked, tissue bacterial counts were determined, and pathological examination was performed. at both 1 and 4 weeks, no mrsa was detected on tissue bacterial culture or pathological examination in groups that received bone cement with antibiotics. in groups that received bone cement without antibiotic, mrsa was detected, and the bone cement had compromised and disintegrated into several slices. in conclusion, bone cement that contains antibiotics appears to be effective not only for reconstruction in cases of cranial defect, but also in terms of preventing infection.
we selected murine coronavirus jhm variants specifically changed in defined antigenic sites of the peplomer protein e2. variants were isolated from the supernatants of monoclonal antibody hybridoma cell cultures which continued to secrete neutralizing antibodies after being infected with jhm. comparative antigenic analysis and biological tests were performed in order to refine an operational epitope map and to characterize functional domains important for pathogenicity. the reaction patterns (neutralization, inhibition of cell fusion, immunofluorescence and binding in elisa) between the variant viruses and the panel of monoclonal antibodies were very similar. four groups of variants were characterized each of which revealed distinct changes affecting one defined antigenic site. these observations indicated that at least four independently mutable antigenic sites were associated with domains involved in cell fusion, neutralization and pathogenicity (e2-aa, -ab, -ba and -bb). jhm variants with alterations in the e2-aa, -ab or -bb sites were similar to wild-type virus. these variants caused acute hepatitis and encephalomyelitis in mice. in contrast, jhm variants with changes in site e2-ba had a strong propensity to induce chronic disease accompanied by demyelination persisting for several months.
during his work, an 18-year-old carpenter-in-training overbalanced and shot himself in the left median thorax with a nail gun. the patient was delivered to our thoracic surgery unit with a tentative diagnosis of penetrating lung trauma. an emergent computed tomogram showed a heart-penetrating nail injury. the patient was taken to the operating room, where he underwent emergency surgery that included sternotomy, pericardiotomy, extraction of the nail, and trauma treatment of the heart injury. the surgery was performed in a unit without a heart-lung machine. for that reason, asystole was chemically induced by the intravenous administration of adenosine. the surgery was successful, and the patient was discharged from the hospital on the 10th postoperative day. in cases of penetrating injuries of the heart, especially those with a foreign body retained in situ, we believe that the intravenous administration of adenosine is an elegant solution for the rapid provocation of asystole. in contrast to other methods, adenosine-induced asystole enables relatively safe myocardial manipulation in the absence of a cardiac surgical unit and a heart-lung machine.
sensors-20-02119-t003_table 3table 3 rmse and mae of i–v curve obtained by equivalent circuit method.
combinatorial therapy for triple negative breast cancer using hyperstar polymer-based nanoparticles.
monolayer hexagonal boron nitride films with large domain size and clean interface for enhancing the mobility of graphene-based field-effect transistors . adv. mater.
tsg101	nm_006292	tumor susceptibility 101	tsg10, vps23	component of the escrt-i complex, a regulator of vesicular trafficking process
a cross-sectional exploratory survey was conducted in six west malaysian schools involving 762 fifteen- to eighteen-year-old secondary school students. periodontal health status was assessed using the community periodontal index of treatment needs (cpitn), utilizing six index teeth to represent the six sextants of the mouth. the results indicated that 66.8% of the students examined had healthy gingiva (score 0), 2.6% had bleeding of the gingiva on gentle probing, while 30.6% had calculus on their teeth. in terms of treatment needs, 35.0% of those examined needed oral hygiene education, 34.4%, on the other hand, required scaling. no student was found to require complex treatment. sex-specific comparison revealed a slightly higher prevalence of calculus formation in male students. in terms of race, the malays had a higher prevalence of calculus formation than either chinese or indians.
the entire cp sequences of c. scarabaeoides and c. cajan genotypes, along with gene annotations were submitted to genbank (accession number: ku729878 for c. scarabaeoides and ku729879 for c. cajan).
middle left). by gd 18.0 continued preputial growth means the male genital outline looks more like a pentagon, with the downward facing point created by the urethral seam, with upper sides noticeably longer than any of the other sides. the outline created by the clitoris will resemble a hexagon with two lines of symmetry, whose longest sides are the horizontal top and bottom, and whose other sides are roughly equal in length (fig 5
this report describes the management of a fusiform peripheral middle cerebral artery aneurysm by endovascular parent artery occlusion under bypass protection. localization of the recipient cortical artery was accomplished after craniotomy by superselective injection of diluted icg dye via a microcatheter positioned proximal to the aneurysm. this report demonstrates that superselective icg angiography can be a beneficial alternative technique to identify the best anastomosis site intraoperatively.
51 achari ae  jain sk   adiponectin, a therapeutic target for obesity, diabetes, and endothelial dysfunction int j mol sci 2017 18
dengvaxia is a weakened but live vaccine and works by triggering an immune response against four types of dengue virus.
three-centre c-h---o hydrogen bonds in the dna minor groove: analysis of oligonucleotide crystal structures.
pericardial involvement in chronic granulomatous disease (cgd) is very rare. we present two children with known cgd and pericardial effusions in whom no microbial cause for the effusions was found.
quantitation of mrnas specific for the mixed-function oxidase system in rat liver and extrahepatic tissues during development.
morphometric studies in dominant olivopontocerebellar atrophy. comparison of cell losses with amino acid decreases.
the nlrp3-asc3-caspase-1 pathway is another inflammatory pathway which promotes the maturation and release of il-1β and il-6 cytokines [6]. we quantified the mrna levels of nlrp3-asc3-caspase-1 inflammatory pathway, which included mekk, p38, nlrp3, asc3 and caspase-1. the results showed that sh did not impact the transcription of p38 and nlrp3, increased the expression of mekk1 and significantly decreased the mrna levels of asc3 and caspase-1 in dss-induced colitis mice (fig 6), suggesting that sh may inhibit release of inflammatory cytokines through downregulating asc3-caspase-1 pathway.
the successful outcome of a pregnancy complicated by reversible renal failure secondary to total ureteral obstruction caused by a pregnant uterus and treated temporarily with nephrostomy is reported. the cyclosporine a (csa) and prednisone treated female recipient of a cadaveric renal allograft gave birth to a male child, which at 2080 grams was small for gestational age (35 weeks of pregnancy). the child presented neither signs of congenital anomalies or chromosome aberrations nor nephrotoxicity, hepatotoxicity or anemia. simultaneous measurement of trough csa blood levels (csa ria, sandoz) displayed reduced values in the child's blood (mother 864 ng/ml-4 hours after oral csa intake; son 312 ng/ml). beside postrenal failure the patient's pregnancy was complicated by 7 rejection episodes treated with high doses of methylprednisone (total dose 5 g) with reversible damage of the transplant function, two episodes of a urinary tract infection and increasing anemia necessitating blood transfusions. the hiv negative patient had developed a kaposi's sarcoma 6 weeks after grafting. the progression of infiltrating skin lesions during pregnancy was not seen.
association of serotonin receptors with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis.
flow cytometric analysis of fine needle aspirates is affected by tumor subtype, but not by anatomic location nor technique.
molecular targeted agents combined with chemo-radiation in the treatment of locally advanced cervix cancer.
endoscopic endonasal approach to the anteromedial temporal fossa and mobilization of the lateral wall of the cavernous sinus through the inferior orbital fissure and v1-v2 corridor: an anatomic study and clinical considerations.
22 zhang x  chow cy  sahenk z  shy me  meisler mh    2008 mutation of fig4 causes a rapidly progressive, asymmetric neuronal degeneration. brain 131 1990 2001 18556664
three cases of myocardial infarction (mi) in women taking bromocriptine for milk suppression are presented. the incidents occurred in 1993 and 1994, the last only two weeks before the withdrawal of the drug from the american market as a drug suitable for ablactation. in one patient, the mi presented on the 12 day postpartum and was accompanied by signs and symptoms reminiscent to ergotism. another mother suffered mi, accompanied by hypertension, six days after a vaginal delivery complicated by postpartum haemorrhage. the third patient began to take bromocriptine more than 2 weeks postpartum and died suddenly 24 days after her childbirth. to the knowledge of the authors, these are the 12th to 14th literary reports describing an apparent association between the use of bromocriptine for ablactation and the occurrence of mi in the puerperium.
519. jordan v.c.  koerner s.   tamoxifen (ici 46,474) and human carcinoma 8s estrogen-receptor eur. j. cancer 1975 11 205 206 10.1016/0014-2964(75)90119-x 165942
given the complexity of our models, involving quadratic terms and change variables, we used coefficients from the models along with experimentally assigned physical activity and screen time values to predict obesity incidence. we (a) fit logistic models of obesity incidence from adolescence to young adulthood (wave ii to wave iii) including wave ii physical activity, wave ii screen time, and physical activity and screen time change variables (wave iii-wave ii), (b) assigned specified physical activity-screen time combinations to all members of the cohort, then (c) applied model coefficients from (a) to the experimentally assigned physical activity and screen time values. these results provide predicted obesity incidence at specified physical activity and screen time levels, providing the opportunity for "natural" experiments involving simulated manipulations of the activity and screen time profiles and, as such, aiding in the interpretation of model results.
according to a survey in the clinics being invited to participate, it can be expected that the odds of patients receiving non operative treatment in relation to those receiving surgery is 1:4 (i.e. there will be 1 patient with short arm cast treatment for each group of 4 patients being operated on).
vaccination is the administration of a vaccine to help the immune system develop protection from a disease.
all patients with ssc should be evaluated for pah at initial presentation and throughout the course of their disease (see 'screening' above and "overview of pulmonary complications of systemic sclerosis (scleroderma)", section on 'evaluation for lung disease at time of ssc presentation'):•
21 karlemo b.  koukkari p.  paloniemi j.   formation of gaseous intermediates in titanium(iv) chloride plasma oxidation plasma chemistry and plasma processing  1996 16 1 59 77 2-s2.0-0002824496 10.1007/bf01465217
the politics of african energy development: ethiopia's hydro-agricultural state-building strategy and clashing paradigms of water security.
1) figure 1; to what extent is the hypermethylation induced by dnmt3b overexpression similar to aberrant methylation observed in some of cancers? does annotation of aberrant methylation loci in cancer show similar results to that of dnmt3b oe as shown in figure 1—figure supplement 6? this is likely important for distinguish whether ectopic dnmt3b expression system is useful to study the link between cancer and aberrant dna methylation.
excess post-exercise oxygen consumption (epoc, informally called afterburn) is a measurably increased rate of oxygen intake following strenuous activity.
we have identified, characterized and cloned human, mouse and chicken cdna of a novel protein that binds to the src homology domain 3 (sh3) of the yes proto-oncogene product. we subsequently named it yap for yes-associated protein. analysis of the yap sequence revealed a protein module that was found in various structural, regulatory and signaling molecules. because one of the prominent features of this sequence motif is the presence of two conserved tryptophans (w), we named it the ww domain. using a functional screen of a cdna expression library, we have identified two putative ligands of the ww domain of yap which we named wbp-1 and wbp-2. peptide sequence comparison between the two partial clones revealed a homologous proline-rich region. binding assays and site-specific mutagenesis have shown that the proline-rich motif binds with relatively high affinity and specificity to the ww domain of yap, with a preliminary consensus that is different from the sh3-binding pxxp motif. this suggests that the ww domain has a role in mediating protein-protein interactions via proline-rich regions, similar but distinct from src homology 3 (sh3) domains. based on this finding, we hypothesize that additional protein modules exist and that they could be isolated using proline-rich peptides as functional probes.
infertility is a devastating side effect of cancer treatment. advances in fertility research have brought new preservation techniques to the forefront for women. the implication of this research in the field of pediatric oncology has not been reported. the objective of this study was to determine whether female adolescents with a diagnosis of cancer and their parents were interested in trying to preserve fertility. we conducted a cross-sectional survey of female patients, aged 10 to 21 years, and their parents. there were 39 parent/adolescent pair responses, 3 parent-only responses, and 8 adolescent-only responses. we found that adolescents and parents had thought about the future and were interested in research treatments to help preserve fertility, but not willing to postpone cancer therapy. achieving a state of good health was most important to the adolescent group (p<0.001). there was no statistical difference between attitudes of parents and adolescents. in summary, parents and female adolescents are interested in options to help preserve fertility during cancer treatments, but they are not willing to postpone treatment for this purpose.
design, synthesis and biological evaluation of novel chroman derivatives as non-selective acetyl-coa carboxylase inhibitors.
influence of acute and chronic graft-versus-host disease on relapse and survival after bone marrow transplantation from hla-identical siblings as treatment of acute and chronic leukemia.
delay of hiv-1 rebound after cessation of antiretroviral therapy through passive transfer of human neutralizing antibodies . nat med . 2005 ; 11 (6 ): 615 –622 .
three optimum conditions for the tuning of nmr probes are compared: the conventional tuning optimum, which is based on radio-frequency pulse efficiency, the spin noise tuning optimum based on the line shape of the spin noise signal, and the newly introduced frequency shift tuning optimum, which minimizes the frequency pushing effect on strong signals. the latter results if the radiation damping feedback field is not in perfect quadrature to the precessing magnetization. according to the conventional rlc (resistor-inductor-capacitor) resonant circuit model, the optima should be identical, but significant deviations are found experimentally at low temperatures, in particular on cryogenically cooled probes. the existence of different optima with respect to frequency pushing and spin noise line shape has important consequences on the nonlinearity of spin dynamics at high polarization levels and the implementation of experiments on cold probes.
45. neave mj  apprill a  ferrier-pagès c  voolstra cr   diversity and function of prevalent symbiotic marine bacteria in the genus endozoicomonas appl. microbiol. biotechnol. 2016 100 8315 8324 10.1007/s00253-016-7777-0 27557714
cremer, kern & prietzel (2016) cremer m  kern nv  prietzel j   soil organic carbon and nitrogen stocks under pure and mixed stands of european beech, douglas fir and norway spruce forest ecology and management 2016 367 30 40 10.1016/j.foreco.2016.02.020
septic cardiomyopathy is a well-described complication of severe sepsis and septic shock. however, the interplay of its underlying mechanisms remains enigmatic. consequently, we constantly add to our pathophysiological understanding of septic cardiomyopathy. various cardiosuppressive mediators have been discovered, as have multiple molecular mechanisms (alterations of myocardial calcium homeostasis, mitochondrial dysfunction, and myocardial apoptosis) that may be involved in myocardial dysfunction during sepsis. finally, the detrimental roles of nitric oxide and peroxynitrite have been unraveled. here, we describe our present understanding of systemic, supracellular, and cellular molecular mechanisms involved in sepsis-induced myocardial suppression.
a successful ligand for targeted radionuclide therapy should be stable in vivo at least during hours. therefore the biological stability of the 12 analogues was studied in detail by the group in innsbruck [3]. variable stability in human serum was found for the different peptides with calculated half-lives between 4.5 ± 0.1 and 198 ± 0.1 h. in urine of normal mice only metabolized peptide fragments were detected even at short times after injection for all peptides. matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry (maldi-tof ms) revealed a major cleavage site of all minigastrin derivatives between asp and phe-nh2 at the c-terminal end of the peptides.
within the genomes of metazoans, nucleosomes are highly organised adjacent to the binding sites for a subset of transcription factors. here we have sought to investigate which chromatin remodelling enzymes are responsible for this. we find that the atp-dependent chromatin remodelling enzyme snf2h plays a major role organising arrays of nucleosomes adjacent to the binding sites for the architectural transcription factor ctcf sites and acts to promote ctcf binding. at many other factor binding sites snf2h and the related enzyme snf2l contribute to nucleosome organisation. the action of snf2h at ctcf sites is functionally important as depletion of ctcf or snf2h affects transcription of a common group of genes. this suggests that chromatin remodelling atpase's most closely related to the drosophila iswi protein contribute to the function of many human gene regulatory elements.
28. kumar s.  stecher g.  tamura k.   mega7: molecular evolutionary genetics analysis version 7.0 for bigger datasets mol. biol. evol. 2016 33 1870 1874 10.1093/molbev/msw054 27004904
14. geue k  sender a  schmidt r  richter d  hinz a  schulte t    gender-specific quality of life after cancer in young adulthood: a comparison with the general population qual life res 2014 23 4 10.1007/s11136-013-0559-6
a retrospective study of case notes and magnetic resonance imaging (mri) examinations was performed to assess the value of gadolinium enhanced mri in the investigation of persistent back pain following lumbar spine surgery in patients who have not had a discectomy for disc herniation. gadolinium enhancement is commonly used during mri of patients with persistent back pain following surgery and epidural scar is frequently identified in patients who have had a previous discectomy. however the value of gadolinium enhancement in patients without previous discectomy had not been addressed. one hundred sets of case notes were examined and 24 patients with an accurate history of previous lumbar spine surgery without discectomy were identified. the nature of surgery and the mri findings were correlated in these patients. epidural enhancement was identified at seven sites in six patients (engorged epidural venous plexus, three; enhancement adjacent to degenerate discs, two; enhancement adjacent to facets, two). in no case was epidural scarring involving nerve roots identified. we conclude that routine gadolinium enhancement is unnecessary in patients without a history of discectomy for disc herniation.
little is known about the long-term sequelae of community-acquired pneumonia (cap). therefore, we describe the long-term morbidity and mortality of patients after pneumonia requiring hospitalization. we specifically hypothesized that the pneumonia severity index (psi), designed to predict 30-day pneumonia-related mortality, would also be associated with longer-term all-cause mortality. between 2000 and 2002, 3415 adults with cap admitted to 6 hospitals in edmonton, alberta, canada, were prospectively enrolled in a population-based cohort. at the time of hospital admission, demographic, clinical, and laboratory data were collected and the psi was calculated for each patient. postdischarge outcomes through to 2006 were ascertained using multiple linked administrative databases. outcomes included all-cause mortality, hospital admissions, and re-hospitalization for pneumonia over a maximum of 5.4 years of follow-up. follow-up data were available for 3284 (96%) patients; 66%were > or =65 years of age, 53% were male, and according to the psi fully 63% were predicted to have greater than 18% 30-day pneumonia-related mortality (that is, psi class iv-v). median follow-up was 3.8 years. the 30-day, 1-year, and end of study mortality rates were 12%, 28%, and 53%, respectively. overall, 82(19%) patients aged <45 years died compared with 1456 (67%) patients aged > or =65 years (hazard ratio [hr], 5.07; 95% confidence interval [ci], 4.06-6.34). male patients were more likely to die than female patients during follow-up (971 [56%] vs. 767 [49%], respectively; hr, 1.20; 95% ci, 1.13-1.37). initial psi classification predicted not only 30-day mortality, but also long-term postdischarge mortality, with 92 (15%) of psi class i-ii patients dying compared with 616 (82%) psi class v patients (hr, 11.80; 95% ci, 4.70-14.70). of 2950 patients who survived the initial cap hospitalization, 72% were hospitalized again (median, 2 admissions over follow-up) and 16% were re-hospitalized with pneumonia. in conclusion, long-term morbidity and mortality are high following hospitalization for pneumonia and are strongly correlated with initial psi class. this suggests that patients with pneumonia, especially those with psi class iv and v at admission, might need better attention paid to preventive strategies and much closer follow-up due to their elevated risk of subsequent adverse events and increased health resource utilization.
relationships between problematic internet use and problem-gambling severity: findings from a high-school survey.
helicoverpa armigera is one of the most serious agricultural insect pests of global importance. it is highly polyphagous and depends on digestive serine proteases to degrade proteins to peptides and to amino acids. h. armigera has evolved adaptive ability to compensate for the inhibition of plant defensive protease inhibitors (pis) in its diet by overproduction of digestive enzymes. as far as we know, compensation for deletion of serine protease genes has not yet been studied in any herbivorous insect. in this study, we used crispr/cas9 to knock out a cluster of 18 trypsin-like genes in h. armigera. compared with the wild type scd strain, activities of the total proteases, trypsins and chymotrypsins were not significantly changed in the gene cluster knockout strain (tryp-ko). rna-seq data showed 1492 upregulated and 461 downregulated degs in try-ko. go function classification and kegg pathway analyses revealed these differentially expressed genes were enriched for terms related to binding, catalytic activity, metabolic process and signal transduction. in regard to serine protease genes, 35 were upregulated and 12 downregulated in tryp-ko strain. our study indicated that h. armigera can compensate for the deleted protease genes by overexpression of other trypsin and chymotrypsin genes in order to maintain its genetic and metabolic robustness. it also suggests that genetic perturbations created by genome editing tools can induce global gene expression changes.
redox-regulated dynamic interplay between cox19 and the copper-binding protein cox11 in the intermembrane space of mitochondria facilitates biogenesis of cytochrome c oxidase.
strongly polar compounds like sugars (e.g. sucrose) or ionic compounds, like inorganic salts (e.g. table salt) dissolve only in very polar solvents like water, while strongly non-polar compounds like oils or waxes dissolve only in very non-polar organic solvents like hexane.
10.1371/journal.pone.0221267.t001table 1 simulation results for posterior predictive distributions (τ = 5.0).
two preteen siblings with the anterior-stromal variant of granular corneal dystrophy type 1 underwent multiple phototherapeutic keratectomies (ptk) (due to recurrences of the dystrophy) with progressively increasing hyperopia after each procedure. the last procedure performed was an additional photorefractive keratectomy along with the ptk which led to a decrease in the hyperopia with better refractive outcomes. the addition of mitomycin c may have led to a delay in the recurrence of the dystrophy.
this was a prospective evaluation of four immunodiagnostic assays for human leptospirosis, including the indirect immunofluorescence test (ifa), the microscopic agglutination test (mat), the lepto dipstick, and the latex agglutination (la) test. four hundred ninety-two serum samples were collected from 348 patients who presented with acute fever without localizing signs. the sensitivities of the ifa, mat, dipstick, and la were 91.9, 76.6, 77.4, and 83.1%, respectively. the specificities of these assays were 100.0, 100.0, 89.3, and 83.5, respectively. even though ifa showed the highest overall sensitivity and specificity, when acute sera were considered, the la was the most sensitive (28.7%). all 3 genus specific antibody assays had broad reactivity against various serogroups. the mat is best suited for the reference laboratory, where it can be maintained with the battery of live antigens; the ifa is suited for a laboratory with sophisticated equipment and technical expertise; the dipstick and la are suitable for peripheral laboratories which lack expensive equipment and expertise.
the pathogenesis of c. difficile disease involves altered colonic microflora; c. difficile ingestion, colonization, and overgrowth; toxin production; and toxin injury of intestinal epithelial cells, resulting in inflammation and diarrhea. (see 'pathogenesis' above.)●
considerable attention has been devoted to contaminants (mainly pcbs and mercury) in subsistence foods (particularly fish) from various parts of the world. however, relatively little attention has been devoted to examining mercury levels in a full range of subsistence foods from a particular region. while managers and scientists compute risk based on site-specific data on contaminant levels and consumption rates, a first step in making risk decisions by subsistence peoples is knowledge about the relative levels of mercury in the foods they eat. this study examined levels of mercury in subsistence foods (edible components) from several islands in the western aleutians of alaska, including algae (4 species), invertebrates (9 species), fish (15 species) and birds (5 species). samples were gathered by both subsistence hunters/fishers and by scientists using the same equipment. another objective was to determine if there were differences in mercury levels in subsistence foods gathered from different aleutian islands. we tested the null hypotheses that there were no interspecific and interisland differences in mercury levels. because of variation in distribution and the nature of subsistence hunting and fishing, not all organisms were collected from each of the islands. there were significant and important differences in mercury levels among species, but the locational differences were rather small. there was an order of magnitude difference between algae/some invertebrates and fish/birds. even within fish, there were significant differences. the highest mean mercury levels were in flathead sole (hippoglossoides elassodon, 0.277 ppm), yellow irish lord (hemilepidotus jardani, 0.281 ppm), great sculpin (myoxocephalus polyacanthocephalus, 0.366 ppm), glaucous-winged gull (larus glaucescens, 0.329 ppm) and its eggs (0.364 ppm), and pigeon guillemot (cepphus columba, 0.494 ppm). mercury levels increased with increasing weight of the organisms for limpets (tectura scutum), and for 11 of the 15 fish species examined. nine of the 15 fish species had some samples over the 0.3 ppm level, and 7 of 15 fish had some samples over 0.5 ppm. for birds, 95% of the pigeon guillemot muscle samples were above the 0.3 ppm, and 43% were above 0.5 ppm. while health professionals may argue about the risk and benefits of eating fish, and of eating alternative protein sources, the public should be provided with enough information for them to make informed decisions. this is particularly true for subsistence people who consume large quantities of self-caught foods, particularly for sensitive sub-populations, such as pregnant women. we argue that rather than giving people blanket statements about the health benefits or risks from eating fish, information on mean and maximum mercury levels should also be provided on a wide range of subsistence foods, allowing informed decisions, especially by those most at risk.
the incidence of cardiac injury after blunt chest trauma is difficult to determine and ranges from 8% to 76%. moreover, the clinical presentation varies tremendously without a real gold standard to exclude or document cardiac involvement. electrocardiogram as a single test is not sensitive or specific for diagnosing cardiac contusion. furthermore, creatine kinase mb is non-reliable in the setting of severe trauma involving the liver, intestines or diaphragm. although troponins t and i are highly specific for cardiac injury, their sensitivity in the setting of trauma is poor. the echocardiogram is very useful in the evaluation of trauma patients with suspected cardiac involvement. however, poor windows in the setting of chest and lung injuries and in intubated patients might be a major problem limiting the accuracy of transthoracic echocardiogram. on the other hand, transesophageal echocardiogram seems to be more sensitive and specific in trauma patients and should be the test of choice in patients with high clinical suspicion for blunt cardiac trauma.
after this process was approved by hospital leadership, the next step was introducing it to snfs and hospital staff. a communication was sent to local snfs via e-mail with instructions that included the fax number for each of our health system's hospitals, a list of important documents to send, and an updated 2-step workflow asking snfs to first call the transfer line (part of their existing workflow) and then fax records. hope leadership created a flyer that could be posted at snf nursing stations and promoted the process during monthly hope webinars and in educational e-mails. on the hospital end, educational tip sheets were created for hospitalists, case managers, pharmacists, and other team members. one-time e-mail communications were sent to hospital staff by hospital leadership.
imipramine does not affect argon-laser-induced pin-prick pain thresholds and laser-evoked cerebral potentials.
melanotropin receptors of murine melanoma characterized in cultured cells and demonstrated in experimental tumors in situ.
the frequency of sister-chromatid exchanges (sce) was evaluated in a group of 24 workers exposed to thinner in a luminous advertisements factory and in three workshops for painting sheet metal in mexico city. 50 metaphases for each exposed individual and each control were analysed; air samples of the working places were also studied; it was observed that among all the components of thinner, only benzene exceeded advisable limits. the cytogenetic data were subject to one-way analyses of variance indicating that no significant differences existed between both groups; also, there are no significant differences among workers with a long exposure time and those with fewer than 5 years of exposure. nevertheless, use of tobacco increased significantly the sce frequencies among the exposed group, but did not increase sce in the control group.
21. united nations children's fund  analyzing equity in health utilization and expenditure in jordan with focus on maternal and child health services 2016
recently, treatment of hcv infection has been improved after the development of direct acting antivirals (daas) which target different viral proteins (ns3-4a, ns5a and ns5b). the activity and effectiveness of these daas are affected by the presence of resistance associated substitutions (rass). this study aimed to characterize hcv genotypes circulating among egyptian hcv patients, to dissect the full sequences of hcv ns3-4a and ns5b regions, and to characterize rass associated with ns3-4a and ns5b inhibitors in hcv treatment-naïve patients. genotyping of 80 hcv samples from treatment-naïve patients was done using restriction fragment length polymorphism and phylogenetic analysis based on some full ns5b sequences. results showed the prevalence of hcv subtype 4a. twenty four new full sequences of ns3-4a and ns5b regions of subtype 4a were deposited in the genbank database. in general, the substitutions associated with ns3-4a-targeting drugs were absent predicting possible responsiveness of egyptian hcv patients to these drugs. in addition, the absence of amino acid substitutions associated with resistance to sofosbuvir may predict good response to treatment with sofosbuvir. some amino acid substitutions associated with resistance to different classes of non-nucleoside inhibitors were detected. further investigations on treated egyptian hcv patients may evaluate the effectiveness of the massively used drugs. many predicted t-cell-binding epitopes in ns3-4a and ns5b regions were found to be highly conserved in the currently studied isolates; a finding that might be important for hcv vaccine development. we demonstrated potential ns3 epitopes that could be used in engineering t cells against hcv epitopes.
the human progesterone receptor (hpr) exists as two distinct molecular forms in most cells, hpr-a and -b. these receptor isoforms display distinct biological functions and demonstrate a cell and promoter specific ability to regulate gene transcription. in cellular contexts where hpr-a is transcriptionally inactive it can function as a ligand dependent inhibitor of mineralocorticoid receptor (mr) transcriptional activity. inhibition occurs by a non-competitive mechanism as direct binding to mr is not required. interestingly, pr agonists differ in their ability to facilitate the inhibitory function of hpr-a, suggesting that a specific receptor conformation may be preferred for this activity. those compounds derived from 19-nor-testosterone are the most effective. the antiprogestins ru486, zk98299 and zk112993 are effective mr antagonists in the presence of coexpressed hpr-a. the mechanism of hpr-a mediated inhibition of mr transcriptional activity is unknown. we propose that inhibition results from a competition of hpr-a with mr for a common transcription factor and that the association of hpr-a with this factor is not transcriptionally productive.
a novel splice variant, hmglu1d, of the human mglu1 metabotropic glutamate receptor has been isolated from a human brain library. this clone is identical to human mglu1a except that it lacks 35 nucleotides in the 3' coding sequence, which predicts a truncated protein and a novel carboxy terminus. after injection of the encoding sequence into mouse a9 fibroblasts, quisqualate and (1s,3r)-1-aminocyclopentane-1,3-dicarboxylic acid ((1s,3r)-acpd) elicited concentration-dependent increases in intracellular ca2+ (pec50 values of 6.09 and 4.33, respectively).
the tppz-bridged diruthenium(ii) complex [(dpk)(cl)ru(ii)(mu-tppz)ru(ii)(cl)(dpk)](clo4)2, [2](clo4)2, and mononuclear [(dpk)(cl)ru(ii)(tppz)](clo4), [1](clo4) [tppz = 2,3,5,6-tetrakis(2-pyridyl)pyrazine, dpk = 2,2'-dipyridylketone], have been synthesized. the 260 mv separation between successive one-electron oxidation couples in [2]2+ translates to a relatively small comproportionation constant, kc, of 2.5 x 10(4) for the intermediate. it is shown how electrochemical data (e(ox), e(red), kc) reflect the donor/acceptor effects of ancillary ligands l in a series of systems [(l)clru(mu-tppz)rucl(l)]n, particularly the competition between l and tppz for electron density from the metal. according to epr (g1 = 2.470, g2 = 2.195, and g3 = 1.873 at 4 k) the intermediate [2]3+ is a mixed-valent ru(ii)ru(iii) species which shows a rather narrow intervalence charge transfer (ivct) band at 1800 nm (epsilon = 1500 m(-1) cm(-1)). the width at half-height (deltanu(1/2)) of 700 cm(-1) of the ivct band is much smaller than the calculated value of 3584 cm(-1), obtained by using the hush formula deltanu(1/2) = (2310e(op))(1/2) (e(op) = 5556 cm(-1), energy of the ivct transition) which would be applicable to localized (class ii) mixed-valent ru(ii)ru(iii) systems. valence delocalization in [2]3+ is supported by the uniform shift of the nu(c=o) band of the n,n'-coordinated dpk ligands from 1676 cm(-1) in the ru(ii)ru(ii) precursor to 1690 cm(-1) in the ru(2.5)ru(2.5) form, illustrating the use of the dpk acceptor to act as reporter ligand via the free but pi-conjugated organic carbonyl group. the apparent contradiction between the moderate value of kc and the narrow ivct band is being discussed considering "borderline" or "hybrid" "class ii-iii" concepts of mixed-valency, as well as coordination aspects, i.e., the bis-tridentate nature of the pi-acceptor bridging ligand. altogether, the complex ions [1]+ and [2]2+ display four and five successive reduction processes, respectively, involving both tppz- and dpk-based unoccupied pi orbitals. the one-electron reduced form [2]+ has been assigned as a tppz*- radical-anion-containing species which exhibits a free-radical-type epr signal at 4k (g(parallel) = 2.002, g(perpendicular) = 1.994) and one moderately intense ligand-based low-energy band at 965 nm (epsilon = 1100 m(-1) cm(-1)).
44 de dreu ckw , baas m , nijstad ba . hedonic tone and activation level in the mood-creativity link: toward a dual pathway to creativity model . j pers soc psychol . 2008 ;94 : 739 –756 . 10.1037/0022-3514.94.5.739
[experimental studies on the definition of the so-called coli value. iv. colicine production & colicine sensitivity of coli strains].
syzygium aromaticum l. (myrtaceae): traditional uses, bioactive chemical constituents, pharmacological and toxicological activities.
9 audoin b , davies g , rashid w , fisniku l , thompson aj , et al (2007 ) voxel-based analysis of grey matter magnetization transfer ratio maps in early relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis . mult scler 13 : 483 –489 17463071
selective analysis of cell-free dna in maternal blood for evaluation of fetal trisomy . prenat diagn . 2012 ;32 (1 ):3 –9 . doi: 10.1002/pd.2922
zhou j wang x he k charron jb elling aa deng xw genome-wide profiling of histone h3 lysine 9 acetylation and dimethylation in arabidopsis reveals correlation between multiple histone marks and gene expression plant mol biol 2010 72 585 595 10.1007/s11103-009-9594-7 20054610
technical task teams, which include provincial and ngo representatives, have been established to review existing policies, especially regarding issues of access and sustainability, and set programming and research agendas. condom programming policies are integrated into diverse health programmes, e.g., family planning, voluntary medical male circumcision, hiv counselling and testing as well as in other sectors, e.g., department of education. research data from end users are used to inform policymaking about condom programming policies.
2 janke c , bulinski jc  (2011 ) post-translational regulation of the microtubule cytoskeleton: mechanisms and functions . nat rev mol cell biol 12 : 773 –786 22086369
preprocedural administration of nanofiltered c1 esterase inhibitor to prevent hereditary angioedema attacks.
[secondary anticoagulant prophylaxis with low molecular heparins or oral anticoagulants and bone mineral density].
equilibrium dialysis studies of plasma binding of thyroxine, triiodothyronine and their glucuronide and sulfate conjugates in human and cat plasma.
recurrence is an important problem following operations for hydatid disease in man. significant protection against an intraperitoneal injection of 5000 protoscoleces was achieved in gerbils by a one-month course of albendazole (10 mg kg-1 day-1). however, when prophylaxis was delayed for 15 days after peritoneal inoculation albendazole had no protective effect. whilst higher serum concentrations probably allow treatment of older infections, these data suggest that protoscoleces are most easily killed by therapy immediately following spillage.
this study aimed to analyse changes in the spatial distribution of lutzomyia longipalpis in posadas, an urban area located in northeastern argentina. data were obtained during the summer of 2007 and 2009 through two entomological surveys of peridomiciles distributed around the city. the abundance distribution pattern for 2009 was computed and compared with the previous pattern obtained in 2007, when the first human visceral leishmaniasis cases were reported in the city. vector abundance was also examined in relation to micro and macrohabitat characteristics. in 2007 and 2009, lu. longipalpis was distributed among 41.5% and 31% of the households in the study area, respectively. in both years, the abundance rates at most of the trapping sites were below 30 lu. longipalpis per trap per night; however, for areas exhibiting 30-60 lu. longipalpis and more than 60 lu. longipalpis, the areas increased in both size and number from 2007-2009. lu. longipalpis was more abundant in areas with a higher tree and bush cover (a macrohabitat characteristic) and in peridomiciles with accumulated unused material (a microhabitat characteristic). these results will help to prioritise and focus control efforts by defining which peridomiciles display a potentially high abundance of lu. longipalpis.
once a patient has been diagnosed with hae, screening for the disorder should be offered to family members. (see 'testing family members' above.)●
garlic is reported to have beneficial effects on risk factors associated with cardiovascular disease, including normalization of plasma lipid levels. however, numerous studies do not support this beneficial effect of garlic on plasma lipids. this contradiction may result from the use of different garlic-derived materials, experimental designs, and/or animal models. the present study investigated the hypolipidemic effect of garlic-derived materials in apoe*3-leiden mice, a model well suited for drug and dietary intervention studies of hyperlipidemia. apoe*3-leiden mice were fed a garlic-derived sulfur-rich compound, either allicin (0.29 g.l drinking water(-1)) or diallyldisulfide (0.27 g.kg diet(-1)), or powdered garlic, of either the kwai (42 g.kg diet(-1)) or morado (42 g.kg diet(-1)) variety. the amounts of garlic-derived materials supplied allowed free intake of allicin or allicin equivalents (diallyldisulfide, kwai, or morado) at 44 mg.kg body wt(-1).d(-1). mice were fed a nonpurified diet for 4 wk, followed by a western diet for 8 wk, both supplemented with the garlic-derived materials. these diets had no consistent effect on plasma lipids and did not affect lipoprotein profiles, which are markers for whole-body cholesterol synthesis and intestinal sterol absorption. the current data indicate that the postulated effects of garlic on cardiovascular disease are not caused via modulation of plasma lipid levels.
25. qiang l.  shah p.  barcellos-hoff m.h.  he y.-y.   tgf-β signaling links e-cadherin loss to suppression of nucleotide excision repair oncogene 2016 35 3293 10.1038/onc.2015.390 26477308
contrasting data exist on the relationship between interproximal width and loss of marginal bone in a periodontitis susceptible population. reports of clinical observations suggest that the prognosis of teeth with minimal interradicular width should be downgraded in periodontal patients. others indicate a higher prevalence of intrabony lesions in wider interproximal spaces. radiographs of 114 adult patients with evidence of bone loss consistent with periodontitis were examined. measurements of interradicular width and the location of the bone margin from the cementoenamel junction were made at 811 interproximal sites using an optical digitizer at 3x magnification. the relationship between bone loss and interradicular width was investigated. the results indicate that as the interradicular width increases, the interproximal bone margin tends to be in a more apical location. no findings supported the contention that bone in a narrow interradicular space is at greater risk in patients who have had periodontitis.
history of seizures, developmental history (regression of milestones may indicate metabolic disease).●
evaluating a specialist education programme for nurses and allied health professionals working in older people care: a qualitative analysis of motivations and impact.
a detailed model is presented for protein binding to active surfaces, with application to the binding of avidin molecules to a biotin-functionalized fiber optic sensor in experiments reported by s. zhao and w. m. reichert (american chemical society symposium series 493, 1992). kinetic data for binding in solution are used to assign an intrinsic catalytic rate coefficient k to the biotin-avidin pair, deconvoluted from transport and electrostatic factors via application of coagulation theory. this intrinsic chemical constant is built into a reaction-diffusion analysis of surface binding where activity is restricted to localized sites (representing immobilized biotin molecules). the analysis leads to an effective catalytic rate coefficient keff characterizing the active surface. thereafter, solution of the transport problem describing absorption of avidin molecules by the macroscopic sensor surface leads to predictions of the avidin flux, which are found to be in good agreement with the experimental data. the analysis suggests the following conclusions. 1) translational diffusion limitations are negligible for avidin-biotin binding in solution owing to the small (kinetically limiting) value k = 0.00045 m/s. 2) the sparse distribution of biotin molecules and the presence of a repulsive hydration force produce an effective surface-average catalytic rate coefficient keff of order 10(-7) m/s, much smaller than k. 3) avidin binding to the fiber optic sensor occurs in an intermediate regime where the rate is influenced by both kinetics and diffusion.
numerical evaluation in count models is facilitated by the fact that most models are nested with the poisson model. hence, the likelihood ratio test can be applied between the hierarchical models of a workflow following the steps previously described.
acend accreditation standards for didactic programs in nutrition & dietetics leading to supervised practice updated march 31, 2015 version 1.05 of the 2012 dpd standards adopted february 24, 2012, effective as of june 1, 2015
energy reserve, estimated as body condition score (bcs), is the major determinant of the re-initiation of ovarian activity in postpartum cows. leptin, igf-i and insulin are positively related to bcs and are putative mediators between bcs and reproductive function. however, when bcs and body composition dissociates, concentrations of these metabolic hormones are altered. we hypothesized that increasing lean muscle tissue, but not fat tissue, would diminish the reproductive response to oestrus induction treatments. thirty lactating beef cows with bcs of 3.10±1.21 and 75.94±12 days postpartum were divided in two groups. control cows (n=15) were supplemented with 10.20 kg of concentrate daily for 60 days. treated cows (n=15) were supplemented equally, and received a β-adrenergic receptor agonist (β-aa; 0.15 mg/kg bw) to achieve accretion of lean tissue mass and not fat tissue mass. twelve days after ending concentrate supplementation/β-aa treatment, cows received a progestin implant to induce oestrus. cows displaying oestrus were inseminated during the following 60 days, and maintained with a fertile bull for a further 21 days. cows in both groups gained weight during the supplementation period (daily weight gain: control=0.75 kg v. β-aa=0.89 kg). cows treated with β-aa had a larger increase in bcs (i.e. change in bcs: control=1 point (score 4.13) v. β-aa=2 points (score 5.06; p0.05) did not differ between groups. however, the number of cows displaying oestrus (control 13/15 v. β-aa 8/15; p<0.05) and the percentage cycling (control 6/8 v. β-aa 3/10; p=0.07) after progestin treatment and the pregnancy percentage at the end of the breeding period (control 13/15 v. β-aa 8/15; p<0.05) were lower in β-aa than control cows. in summary, the increase bcs through muscle tissue accretion, but not through fat tissue accretion, resulted in a lower response to oestrus induction, lower percentage of cycling animals and lower pregnancy percentage after progestin treatment; which was associated with a decrease in serum concentrations of leptin and igf-i.
2 department of biochemistry and molecular biology, university of massachusetts, amherstamherstunited states
a hemagglutinating agent identified as paramyxovirus was isolated from the respiratory organs of a rock pigeon captured in hokkaido, japan. the virus was serologically distinct from the known members of genus paramyxovirus. of the 160 pigeons collected in hokkaido, 6 possessed the antibodies to the virus. the virus was designated as paramyxovirus/pigeon/otaru/76.
lack of interest-bdi-13	0.23 (0.42)	0.38 (0.55)	2.25	0.024	0.27 (0.46)	0.29 (0.47)	0.15	0.87	0.26 (0.45)	0.5 (0.51)	2.05	0.004
supplementary motor area contributes to carrying previous movement information over to current movement.
extramedullary relapse (emr) rarely occurs after allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (hsct) in leukemia. this study was to investigate the clinical characteristics of emr.we retrospectively investigated 316 consecutive patients undergoing hsct for acute leukemia or chronic myeloid leukemia (cml) at 2 institutions between january 2012 and february 2017. furthermore, we analyzed and compared the risk factors and outcomes between emr and bone marrow relapse (bmr).the 5-year cumulative incidence of emr was 14.1%. the emr incidence in acute myeloid leukemia, lymphoblastic leukemia, and cml was 17.5%, 18.9%, and 5.3%, respectively. cml had a lower emr incidence rate. compared to the bmr group, the emr group had a longer median relapse-free time (10.5 months vs 5 months, p = .02), and the emr group had a higher incidence rate of chronic graft-versus-host disease (50.0% vs 20.9%, p = .009). emr had better estimated 3-year survival rates post-hsct, and post-relapse, than did bmr (39.5% vs 9.5%, p < .001, and 21.9% vs 10.8%, p = .001). multivariate analysis identified that adverse cytogenetics (hazard ratio [hr] = 9.034, p < .001) and extramedullary leukemia before hsct (hr = 2.685, p = .027) were the independent risk factors for emr after hsct. in the emr group, patients who achieved complete remission (cr) had a significantly better, estimated 3-year survival than did patients who did not achieve cr (38.4% vs 14.3%, p = .014).emr is a significant contributor to mortality after hsct, which appears to be resistant to most of the current therapies. establishing effective strategies for emr is important in improving outcomes after hsct.
however, results in the ability of these isoforms to bind to the bad and bak proteins, as well as in the structural topology and electrostatic potential of the binding groove, suggest differences in antiapoptotic activity for the two isoforms.
gaucher's disease is a lipidosis caused by deficiency of the enzyme glucocerebrosidase (glucosylceramidase) with secondary accumulation of glucocerebrosides in macrophage lysosomes. three clinical forms of the disease have been described with autosomal recessive genetic basis. they are caused by many different mutations in glucocerebrosidase gene which have been recently identified. the infantile (type iii) and juvenile (type ii) forms involve the central nervous system and are very rare. type i is a non neuronopathic form and is the most common lysosomal storage disease, reaching an incidence of 1 in 2500 births among ashkenazi jews. clinical manifestations include splenomegaly and hypersplenism, while bone and lung involvement are less common. most patients have a mild course and a normal life expectancy, but some others suffer for heavy bone pain that greatly inhabilitate them. a distinctive storage cell is present in bone marrow, but diagnostic confirmation is based upon leucocytes or fibroblasts enzyme assay. total or partial splenectomy is the treatment of choice for correcting hematological abnormalities. allogeneic bone marrow transplantation was successfully employed in some cases, while studies on retroviral-mediated gene transfer are undergoing. promising clinical results were obtained in last two years by chronic infusion of purified macrophage-targeted glucocerebrosidase enzyme. new experience is required in selecting patients for this expensive regimen and establishing duration of therapy.
the direct effect of melatonin and related agonists on li(+)-amplified phosphoinositide breakdown was studied in chick brain slices prelabeled with myo-[2-3h]-inositol. the melatonin receptor agonist 6-chloromelatonin (10-100 microm) increased, in a concentration-dependent manner, the accumulation of inositol phosphates (ip) in chick brain slices. this effect of 6-chloromelatonin (10 microm) was rapid as transient increases in ip3/ip4 (maximal increase, 29% at 20 s) and ip2 levels (maximal increase, 36% at 1 min) were observed, followed by a slower but sustained increase in ip1 level (30% at 5 min), when the amount of ip3/ip4 and ip2 had already been decreased to the control level. the phosphoinositide response elicited by 6-chloromelatonin (10 microm) was dependent on the presence of extracellular calcium. direct stimulation of membrane phospholipase c by 6-chloromelatonin (10 microm) in isolated myo-[2-3h]inositol-prelabeled optic tectum membranes was dependent on the presence of guanosine-5'-o-(3-thio)triphosphate (1 microm), thus suggesting that g protein(s) link melatonin receptor activation to phospholipase c stimulation. the competitive melatonin receptor antagonist luzindole (10-100 microm) inhibited in a concentration-dependent manner the ip1 accumulation stimulated by 6-chloromelatonin (10-100 microm); however, it did not affect the accumulation stimulated by 5-hydroxytryptamine (10 microm). by contrast, methysergide (10 microm) completely inhibited 5-hydroxy-tryptamine (10 microm)-, but not 6-chloromelatonin (10 microm)-, induced ip1 accumulation. melatonin receptor agonists increased ip1 accumulation in a concentration-dependent manner reaching different maximal responses.(abstract truncated at 250 words)
exocyclic allenes constitute useful building blocks in organic synthesis and have recently been identified as key intermediates in the synthesis of natural products. here the first general method for the most straightforward synthesis of exocyclic allenes reported to date is presented. this method is based on the barbier-type cyclization of propargyl halides catalyzed by titanium; a safe, abundant, and ecofriendly metal. the reaction proceeds under mild conditions compatible with different functional groups and provides good yields of five-, six-, and seven-membered carbocycles and nitrogen-containing heterocycles bearing an exocyclic allene group. experimental evidence supporting the proposed reaction mechanism is also provided. moreover, this procedure can be carried out in an enantioselective manner by using chiral titanocene(iii) catalysts. the utility of this method has been proved in the synthesis of the natural alkaloid stemoamide.
mapping influenza activity in emergency departments in france using bayesian model-based geostatistics.
hemolytic anemia caused by aortic flap and inversion of felt strip after ascending aorta replacement.
health risk implication and spatial distribution of radon in groundwater along the lithological contact in south india.
the goals of asthma treatment are to reduce impairment from symptoms, minimize risk of the various adverse outcomes associated with asthma (eg, hospitalizations, loss of lung function), and minimize adverse effects from asthma medications. (see 'goals of asthma treatment' above.)●
fifty years of phenylketonuria newborn screening - a great success for many, but what about the rest?
levels of drp1 phosphorylation were determined in mitochondrial fractions by immunoblotting using anti‐phosphorylated‐s616‐drp1 or anti‐phosphorylated‐s637‐drp1 antibodies in hsod1‐wt‐ and hsod1‐g93a‐expressing nsc‐34 differentiated cells under serum starvation in the presence or absence of p110 (1 μm/24 h); β‐actin was used as a loading control. protein levels were quantified and presented as fold change of hsod1‐wt.
bmc public healthbmc public healthbmc public health1471-2458biomed central london 656410.1186/s12889-019-6564-0research articledevelopment and validation of five behavioral indices of flood adaptation http://orcid.org/0000-0002-9565-0895valois pierre +1-418-656-2131pierre.valois@fse.ulaval.ca 1caron maxime maxime.caron@fse.ulaval.ca 1gousse-lessard anne-sophie anso.gousse@gmail.com 1talbot denis denis.talbot@fmed.ulaval.ca 2renaud jean-sébastien jean-sebastien.renaud@fmed.ulaval.ca 21 0000 0004 1936 8390grid.23856.3afaculty of education, université laval, 2320, rue des bibliothèques, quebec city, qc g1v 0a6 canada 2 0000 0004 1936 8390grid.23856.3afaculty of medicine, université laval, 1050 avenue de la médecine, quebec city, qc g1v 0a6 canada 28 2 2019 28 2 2019 2019 19 2451 11 2018 19 2 2019 © the author(s). 2019open accessthis article is distributed under the terms of the creative commons attribution 4.0 international license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided you give appropriate credit to the original author(s) and the source, provide a link to the creative commons license, and indicate if changes were made. the creative commons public domain dedication waiver (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) applies to the data made available in this article, unless otherwise stated.background
14. ziegler t.  mamahit a.  cox n.j.   65 years of influenza surveillance by a world health organization-coordinated global network influenza respir. viruses 2018 12 558 565 10.1111/irv.12570 29727518
impact of covid-19 on seizure-related emergency attendances and hospital admissions - a territory-wide observational study.
it is known that gluten is composed of glutenin and gliadin subunits: the first ones give the dough toughness, while the gliadins determine its extensibility. the alveographic indices are normally related to the quality and quantity of gluten; in particular, the p value indicates the dough tenacity and the l value, its extensibility. the p/l configuration ratio indicates the balance between the two factors. as shown in previous works, the p/l parameter greatly affects the bread-making quality and a value of this ratio close to unity is favorable to the baking process [17].
tetrandrine is a bisbenzylisoquinoline alkaloid derived from the root of stephania tetrandra s. moore, which has been reported to elicit in vitro cytotoxic effects on hela cells, and in vivo suppressive effects on mouse ascites tumors. in the present study, we examined the antiproliferative and apoptosis-inducing activity of tetrandrine in hepg2 cells, a human hepatoma cell line. tetrandrine showed potent cytotoxic activity in hepg2 cells (ic(50)=9.0+/-1.0 micro m) following incubation for 48 h. dose-dependent induction of apoptosis was observed by agarose gel electrophoresis and flow cytometric analysis. treatment of hepg2 cells with tetrandrine resulted in the activation of caspase-3 protease, and subsequent proteolytic cleavage of poly(adp-ribose) polymerase. these results suggest that tetrandrine is potentially useful as a chemotherapeutic/chemopreventive agent in hepatocellular carcinoma.
we have selected the consolidated criteria for reporting qualitative research (coreq),12 and the strengthening the reporting of observational studies in epidemiology (strobe) statement among the reporting guidelines of the equator network (https://www.equator-network.org/reporting-guidelines/). we have reported all relevant information following the above reporting guidelines. ref. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc6969453/
rajecki d. w. lee rasmussen j.   (1995 ). differences and similarities in humans' perceptions of the thinking and feeling of a dog and a boy . soc. anim.
the development of endoscopic treatment for pancreatobiliary diseases in recent years is remarkable. in addition to conventional transpapillary treatments under endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography (ercp), new endoscopic ultrasound-guided therapy is being developed and implemented. on the other hand, due to the development/improvement of various devices such as new metal stents, a new therapeutic strategy under ercp is also advocated. the present review focuses on recent advances in the endoscopic treatment of pancreatic pseudocysts, walled-off necrosis, malignant biliary strictures, and benign biliary/pancreatic duct strictures.
doxycyclin1	↓	133 (109,156)	83 (71,95)	126 (104,148)	79 (68,90)	-7 (-20,6)	-4 (-10,2)	114(93,135)	73 (62,84)	-19 (-35, -3)	-10 (-16, -4)
following fda rejection of drisapersen, the agency announced a three-month time extension for its review of eteplirsen.
this article aims to identify and describe the ethical dilemmas that are involved in the care of patients with incurable cancer. the data were collected in semistructured focused interviews with 32 patients, 13 nurses and 13 doctors from two central hospitals and four community health centres. the interviews were tape-recorded and transcribed verbatim. interpretation was based on the method of content analysis. ethical dilemmas occurred at the time of diagnosis, in connection with telling the truth, in providing information, in the treatment of pain, and in decision-making situations concerning active treatment. dilemmas of active treatment concerned chemotherapy, intravenous infusions, blood transfusions and antibiotics. there were also problems in relationships between nursing staff and next of kin, as well as a lack of co-operation between nurses and doctors.
immunonutrition for patients undergoing elective surgery for gastrointestinal cancer: impact on hospital costs.
arbuscular mycorrhizal fungi in non-grazed, restored and over-grazed grassland in the inner mongolia steppe.
a novel dual-mode contrast agent was formulated through the addition of an optical near infrared (nir) probe to a perfluorocarbon (pfc)-based
iency is the most common antibody deficiency syndrome, followed by common variable immunodeficiency (cvid). the incidence of these 2 disorders is estimated to be 1 case in 700 persons and 1 case in 5,
